ass about валять дурака	He always likes to ass about.bandy about распространять слух, обсуждать	When the Websters' marriage failed the news was quickly bandied about.	Several different figures have been bandied about but these are the only correct ones.bang about разрушать, разбивать	this car looks as if it's been banged about	bang about путешествовать	my uncle has been banging about Africa for yearsbarge about кружиться неуклюже вокруг чего-л.	bash about грубо обращаться с	The man was put in prison for bashing his wife about. This old car looks as if it's been bashed about.be about касаться, иметь отношение	What is your new book about? 	be about делать, осуществлять	What are you about? I'm about my business. be about быть поблизости	There's nobody about you'd better come back later. Jim is about somewhere if you'd like to wait.	be about кружиться двигаться вокруг чего-л.	Where have you been? I've just been about the town. be about собираться сделать	He is about to go. We are almost ready.	be about быть занятым чем-л.	I am about doing my work now.be about быть в большом количестве	Do dress warmly there are a lot of colds about just now. Be careful how you drive there are small rocks about in this area. Are there many gold coins about now?beat about метаться	The swimmer beat about in the water trying not to drown. 	beat about изменять направление (о корабле)	After being in the water for six hours the ship beat about and sailed for home. beat about беспокойно искать	The prisoner beat about for a way of escape.beat about the bush подходить к делу осторожно	beat about the bush говорить обиняками	Tell me straight what you want without beating about the bushblow about распространять (слух, известие)	Let's blow Jim's suggestion around and see if we all agree with it.	blow about гнать	The leaves are blowing about in the strong wind. The violent wind was blowing broken glass about in the city streets.boss about давать ненужные приказы	The new director will not be successful if he goes on bossing the workers about.bring about осуществлять, вызывать	By his own efforts Charles Fax brought about the fall of the government. Major changes will have to be brought about in British industry.bring about повернуть корабль обратно	If the wind changes you'll have to bring her about.brisk about быстро двигаться	Our plane brisks about quickly. We will arrive soon.bugger about бить баклуши	Stop buggering about and get on with some work.bugger about мешать кому-л., создавать трудности	Who's been buggering my papers about? leave me alone and stop buggering me about.	bugger about вносить беспорядок во что-л.	Who's been buggering my papers about? I left them all tidy and now here they are all over the floor.bum about шататься без дела;	Why are you bumming about?bum about жить на чужой счет	I've been bumming about for the last year without a job.bustle about суетиться	I remember my grandmother always bustling about in the kitchen.buzz about виться	Lianas like to buzz around trees.	care about беспокоиться	This writer unlike most others does not care about death. Don't you care about losing your job?cast about изыскивать средства	The prisoner cost about for a way of escape. I've been casting around in my mind but I can't find an easy answer. The prisoner cast about him for a way of escape.chase about (after) ухаживать за женщинами	I wish he would stop chasing around the town after young women and spend his time more sensibly.chop about меняться	When the storm arose the wind chopped about and the little boat nearly sank. It's better for a child to be treated severely all the time than to have parents who keep chopping about from kindness to cruelty.	circle about вращаться вокруг кого-л.	John circled round the girl at the party waiting for a chance to talk to her.close about окутывать	As darkness closed about them they decided to return home.come about происходить случаться	Peace can only come about if each side agrees to yield to the other. It all came about in a way which is worth recalling if only for the light it throws on our Captain's character. How did it come about that the man was dismissed?come about менять направление	It was too stormy to continue the voyage so the ship came about and headed for the safety of the shore.crawl about еле передвигать ноги (о больном)	creep about on tiptoe ходить на цыпочках	creep into smb.'s favour втираться к кому-л. в доверие	day about через день	I'll visit you in the day about.	face about поворачиваться кругом	'About face!' shouted the officer. The officer faced his men about.face about менять свое мнение	The middle of an election is no time to face about.faff about неорганизованно заниматься чем-л.	fall about падать от хохота	All the guests fell about (laughing) when Jim walked in wearing his funny clothes.feel about двигаться ощупью	It was dark. So he felt about along the wall.feel about (for) шарить нащупывать	I'm feeling about for an answer to our difficulties. в) иметь мнение о чем-л. ком-л. How do you feel about the new law?fence about окружать, ограждать	That pasture is fenced about.	fiddle about шататься без дела	Why are you fiddling about?fling about разбрасывать	I wish the children would stop flinging their clothes about but put them away tidily.fling about размахивать	Don't fling your arms and legs about like that make the proper swimming strokes.float about существовать	There should be some envelopes floating around somewhere.float about часто менять место работы	My son hasn't been able to find a steady job; he's been floating round for the past year.flop about шлепать, шаркать	If you wear those shoes that are too big you'll just flop around in them. Dying fish were flopping about on the wooden boards.fly about распространяться (о новостях, идеях)	ideas were flying about in the meeting. News is flying about concerning a royal wedding.fool about зря болтаться	Stop fooling about we have serious work to do.fool around (with) играть с чем-л.	Children should not be allowed to fool around with matches.fool around (with) вступать в сексуальную связь	Don't fool around with another man's wife.fuck about слоняться, бить баклуши	What have you been doing today? Oh nothing just fucking around.fuck about плохо обойтись с кем-л.	I can't forgive him for fucking me about like that.fuck about with устраивать беспорядок	Who's been fucking about with these papers? They're all out of order!get about распространяться (о слухах)	Stories have been getting about concerning the government's secret intentions.get about начинать (вы)ходить после болезни	Mother is much better now thank you she's able to get about a bit more.go about расхаживать	He went about back and forth.go about циркулировать (о слухах, деньгах)	Stories have been going about concerning the government's secret intentions.go about делать поворот кругом	The sailors have the hardest time when going about. To sail forward against the wind we had to go about.hang about тесниться, бродить вокруг	They hung about the fire.hang about надвигаться	There is a thunderstorm hanging about	hang about прождать	I hung about for an hour but he didn't come.hem about окружать	The meadow is hemmed about with bushes.hemmed in by the enemy окруженный врагами	Out troops are hemmed in by the enemy.inquire about осведомляться о ком-л. о чем-л.	He inquired about you three days ago.jump about подпрыгивать (от радости, боли), быть беспокойным	I don't like when children jump about joyfully.knock about колотить	There's nothing to do here; let's go into that field and knock a ball about for half an hour or so.knock about странствовать (по свету)	I've knocked about in most paw of the world in my time.knock about вести беспутный образ жизни	And he had been knocking about till his death.knock about существовать	Is the same chairman still knocking about?knock about валяться	I found this book knocking about upstairs. Is it yours?knock about грубо обращаться	If that man knocks his wife about any more he'll be sent to prison. That poor old piano has been considerably knocked about in its travels.knock about показываться вместе с кем-л. в свете	How long was Grace knocking about with that red-haired boy before he left her? They knocked about together for a year I think.lark about шумно резвиться	No larking about now behave yourselves in church.lie about быть разбросанным	I found this book lying about upstairs; is it yours?lie about болтаться, ничего не делать	It's so nice to have the time to tie around in the sun.look about оглядываться по сторонам	Looking about I could see no sign of life.	look about искать	We've been looking about the country for a good place to camp.lop about шататься слоняться	Why do you lop about?lurk about шататься болтаться	There are two men lurking about my gate making me nervous.man about town светский человек; прожигатель жизни	He was a man about town. He only knocked about and did nothing.maunder about бродить, шататься	Stop maunder about and find yourself something to do!mess about with иметь предосудительные отношения с кем-л.	I warned you not to mess about with married women it always leads to trouble.move about переезжать, переносить с места на место	Oh you've moved the furniture around again!muck about слоняться	What have you been doing today? Oh nothing just mucking around.	muck about (with) вносить беспорядок	Who's been mucking about with my papers?nose about вынюхивать выведывать	That policeman should not be nosing about in our garage without a court order.order about командовать, помыкать	She likes to order about other people, including her husband.pace about ходить/двигаться безостановочно;	I couldn't sleep and paced about most of the night. The tiger paced about its cage swinging its tail.paw about грубо хватать руками	Girls don't like being pawed about by strange men.play about играть	The seashore was full of children playing about in the sand.play about манипулировать	Many important discoveries have been made by scientists playing around with unusual combinations of chemicals.play about флиртовать, заводить интрижку	I warned you not to play around with married women it always leads to trouble.poke about выискивать, любопытствовать	That policeman had no business poking about in our garage without a court order. What was he poking around for?prowl about бродить, рыскать	Be careful here there are lions prowling about in the bush. I'm sure I can hear somebody prowling around outside the windows.pry about с любопытством разглядывать	That policeman had no business prying about in our garage. Why was he prying about among our things?pull about грубо таскать туда и сюда	The child's toys don't last very long as he pulls them about so.push about помыкать, третировать, запугивать	The workers are refusing to be pushed around by the employers. I am sick of being pushed about.put about распространять (слух и т. п.)	It has been put about that several workers are to be dismissed.putter about бродить без цели; слоняться	rake about ворошить (прошлое); рыться (в чём-л.); тщательно искать (что-л.)	I spent the day raking around (the house) but found nothing. I've raked about in my memory but I cannot remember her name.roll about покатываться со смеху	The public were difficult to amuse tonight but this new performer soon had them rolling about.rot about растрачивать время	round about вокруг (да около)	run about суетиться; резвиться	You'll catch cold running about with no coat on.see about проследить за чем-л.	I haven't had time to see about a hotel for the night yet. Did you see about renting a car for the weekend? see about подумать	I will see about itset about начинать делать (что-л.)	How do you set about building a boat?	set about начать драку (с кем-л.)	The three men set about him with their hands and boots.	set about распространять (слух и т. п.)	Someone is always setting stories about that the Prince is to be married.shove about помыкать, третировать, запугивать	The workers are refusing to be shoved around by the employers. I am sick of being shoved about.slop about плескаться	The water was slopping about in the bottom of the boat.slop about шататься без дела	He just slops about the house all day.slosh about плескаться (о жидкости)	I can hear water sloshing about in the bottom of the boat.slouch about слоняться	Ever since he lost his job he's done nothing but slouch around (the house).smell about принюхиваться; разнюхивать выслеживать	stooge about летать над небольшим участком	For the last hour we've been stooging around at 25.000 feet waiting for the enemy planes	stooge about бродить слоняться	What have you been doing? Oh nothing just stooging about most of the morning.tack about менять тактику, галс	By tacking about we were able to avoid the enemy guns.tackle about пытаться переубедить (кого-л. в чем-л.)	take about сопровождать, показывать достопримечательности	Who is taking you about?	take about захватить врасплох; поразить	talk about говорить (о ком-л. чём-л.), проводить беседу;	talk on discipline проводить беседу о дисциплине	tear about носиться сломя голову	tell smb. about smth. рассказать кому-л. о чём-л.	Tell me something about yourself. You can't tell me anything about that.theorize about теоретизировать	He likes to theorize about politics.	think about обдумывать	I'll think about it. You ought to spend more time thinking about your work.thrash about делать резкие движения	throw about разбрасывать раскидывать	Who did throw paper about? Stop throwing my money about!	throw about размахивать	Don't throw your arms about!throw about трясти	They were badly thrown about in the bus.tinker about подремонтировать	I need to tinker about my car.tinker about the house чинить разные мелочи в доме	toss about беспокойно метаться	He tossed about on the bed in pain.	toss about отшвыривать, бросать	I wish the children would stop tossing those stones about.trench about окапываться	trot about суетиться	trouble about тревожить(ся), волновать(ся), расстраивать(ся);	Don't trouble about it!tumble about кувыркаться, беспокойно ворочаться (в постели)	tumble about мелькать (о мыслях)	turn about оборачиваться, изменить мнение	The chairman seems to have turned completely about.twist about корчиться, ёрзать	He twisted about in pain. He twisted about his chair.	waffle about болтать попусту	What's he waffling on about now?walk about прогуливаться	There were just a few people walking about in the town square but no traffic in the streets.	walk about идти через толпу	Is it safe for the President to walk about without a guard?