ask around расспрашивать тут и там	bandy around передавать из уст в уста	When the his marriage failed the news was quickly bandied about.bandy around обсуждать	Several different figures have been bandied about but these are the only correct ones. bang around шуметь	Stop banging about, children!barge around кружиться неуклюже вокруг чего-л.bash around грубо обращаться	The man was put in prison for bashing his wife about. This old car looks as if it's been bashed about.bat around шляться	The director has been batting around all day as usual giving everybody orders.bat around обсуждать прикидывать	We batted the plan around for a while but in the end decided against it as we hadn't enough money.be around находиться поблизости	Jim is around somewhere if you'd like to wail. Will you be around this time next year?be around наличествовать в большом количестве	Do dress warmly there are a lot of colds around just now. Motorists are being warned that there is thick mist around in the hills.be around быть популярным	The singer you mentioned is still around though not so well-known now. That song has been around for many years.be around иметь сексуальный опыт	You can see that she's a woman of the world - she's been around!blow around развевать; гнать	The leaves are blowing around in the strong wind. The violent wind was blowing broken glass around in the city streets.bring around приносить, приводить на условленное место	Bring the new members around to the meeting tonight.bugger around бить баклуши	Stop buggering about and get on with some work.	bugger around мешать кому-л. создавать трудности	Who's been buggering my papers about? Leave me alone and stop buggering me about.	bugger around вносить беспорядок во что-л.	Who's been buggering my papers about? I left them all tidy and now here they are all over the floor.bugger around with вносить беспорядок во что-л.	Somebody's been buggering about with my record player.bum around лодырничать, шататься без дела; жить на чужой счет	I've been bumming around for the last year without a job.chop around изменять направление	When the storm arose the wind chopped around and the little boat nearly sank. We were walking along the street together when suddenly he chopped round and ran the other way.come around наносить визит	Why don't you come around and see us one evening?	come around менять направление (о ветре, корабле)	Just then the wind came round so we had to reset the sails. Take the wheel see if you can stop her from coming aroundcome around регулярно происходить	Birthdays come around too quickly when one is older.	come around очнуться, прийти в себя	The girl fainted but she came round when we threw drops of water on her face.come around изменять мнение	Don't worry about the chairman he'll soon come around (to our opinion).	come around приходить в благожелательное расположение духа	Jim and Mary often argue but it doesn't take them long to come around. Father was in a very bad temper this morning but he had come around by evening.dangle around слоняться болтаться	drop around заходить, навещать	Why don't you drop around some time?float around существовать	There should be some envelopes floating around somewhere.	float around часто менять место работы	My son hasn't been able to find a steady job; he's been floating round for the past year.frig around слоняться без дела	Why don't you do some work instead of just frigging around all day?fuck around бить баклуши	What have you been doing today? Oh nothing just fucking around.	fuck around плохо обойтись с кем-л.	I can't forgive him for fucking me about like that.hack around ничего не делать	What have you been doing today? Oh nothing just hacking around.hang around тесниться вокруг	hang around бродить вокруг	hang around околачиваться, шляться, слоняться	hang around надвигаться	There is a thunderstorm hanging around	hang around прождать	I hung around for an hour but he didn't comehorse around возиться, шуметь	You boys have been horsing around again getting yourselves dirty.kick around грубо обращаться	There must be something wrong with a child who kicks his toys around.kick around рассматривать со всех сторон	The committee kicked your suggestion around for over an hour before deciding that they could not accept it.	kick around придираться, отдавать ненужные приказы	The directors will find that times have changed; they can no longer kick the workers around and make them do whatever they want.lurk around шататься, болтаться	There are two men lurking about (my gate) making me nervous.poke around высматривать выискивать; любопытствовать;	That policeman had no business poking about in our garage without a court order. What was he poking around for?pull around таскать туда и сюда	The child's toys don't last very long as he pulls them about so.push around помыкать (кем-л.) третировать (кого-л.); запугивать;	The workers are refusing to be pushed around by the employers. I am sick of being pushed about.run around бесцельно бегать туда-сюдаrun around бегать резвиться (о детях)	You'll catch cold running around without a coat.run around вести распутную жизнь	He spent his youth running around with criminal types. He's too well-known for running around (with other men's wives).see around регулярно встречать (кого-л.)	see around встречаться (с кем-л.)	I don't know his name but I've seen him around quite a lot.	see around осматривать (город, музей и т. п.)	see around проводить осмотр, экскурсию	Mr Freeman will see the visitors around the factory. May we see around the house?send around рассылать	Have you sent around the notice about the Christmas party yet?shop around присматриваться к ценам, качествуshop around подбирать подходящий товар	Don't buy the first television set spend a little time shopping round for the best price.shop around искать (работу, место, идею лучшую возможность)	I won't take the first job that's offered; I need to shop around and see what other chances there are. Voters should shop around among the different politicians to see who will truly represent their interests.shove around помыкать, третировать, запугивать	The workers are refusing to be shoved around by the employers. I am sick of being shoved about.show around провожать, сопровождать	My husband will show you around while I get the tea.sleep around спать с кем попало	Her friends don't approve of her since she started sleeping around.stick around слоняться поблизости	I wasn't prepared to stick around at the airport for more than an hour so I left when my friend's plane did not come in.swop around меняться местами	After a few minutes we'll swap round so that you can have a good view.tag around with следовать как тень		take around сопровождать, показывать достопримечательности	I'll take him around я ему тут всё покажуtalk around обсуждать не доходя до существа дела	They talked around the proposal for several hours.tear around носиться сломя голову	turn around полностью изменить	turn around изменить к лучшему	