answer back дерзить (в ответ на замечание)answer back ответить ударом на удар, не давать спускуaway back давным-давно	___be back возвращаться	I'll be back when you least expect me.	be back вновь входить в моду	Long skirts will be back next year.be back положить что-л. на прежнее место	When I returned from the police station the jewels were back in their box; the thieves must have got frightened and replaced them.beat back отбивать, отражатьbeat back плыть с трудом	The boat had to beat back against a strong wind.bite back воздерживаться от чего-л.	Peter was about to tell the secret but he bit his words back.blink back сдержать (о слезах)	Mary tried hard to blink back her tears but Jim could see that she had been crying.blow back распространяться (о газе)	If the gas blows back you must turn off the supply as it is dangerous.bounce back выздоравливать	Small children often catch diseases but they soon bounce back.	bounce back иметь эффект	Whatever decision the directors take it will bounce back on the future of the firm.bring back возвращать You must bring these library books back next week. On your way home from your aunt's will you bring back some coffee?bring back воскрешать в памяти The smell of these flowers brings back memories.bring back помочь вернуть	We must bring him back to health.	bring back ввести вновь (идею, практику, закон)	Few people these days are in favour of bringing back the old punishment by death.buy back выкупать	He changed his mind about moving but was unable to buy the house back.call back звать обратно	Our representative in Paris must be called back. Mr Sharp was about to leave when his secretary called him back.	call back брать назадcall back возвращать что-л.	This medicine should call your strength back.	call back наносить ответный визит	The salesman will call back at any house he missed.	call back перезванивать кому-л.	Would you ask her to call me back? I'll call back after dinner.	call back вспоминать что-л.	I cannot call his face back.carry back напоминать кому-л. прошлое		cast back напомнить вспомнить	Let us cast back our minds to the first meeting.	cast back быть похожим на родственника	The boy casts back to his great-great-grandfather.check back искать среди старых изданий	We checked back in the library among the old books but could find nothing of this date.	check back увидеться с кем-л. еще раз	I'll check back tomorrow about that question.choke back сдерживать (чувства)	Jim had to choke back his anger or he would have hit the man.chop back урезать	The government has promised to chop back its own spending in an effort to encourage the nation to do the same.claw back компенсировать дополнительными налогами	The government claws back some of the money which it gives to arts organizations in the form of tax.come back возвращаться	We'd like to come back next year. When Jane comes back will you give her a message? 	come back вспоминаться	Her name will come back (to me) soon.	come back очнуться прийти в себяcome back sport обрести прежнюю формуcome back sport отставатьcome back отплатить той же монетойcome back возвращаться к активной деятельности	Is the singer expected to come back?	come back снова становиться модным	Long skirts are expected to come back next year.	come back отвечать	'But you're just as guilty!' Jane came back. She always comes back at anyone who tries to be polite to her. I shall' speak for twenty minutes and then you can come back at me with your questions.come back повторять чьи-л. слова	I didn't hear you could you come back? I will now ask the first speaker to come back. 	come back снова использоваться (о старом методе)	Some people are hoping that the old system of punishment by death will come back.come back to возвращаться куда-л. или к кому-л.	I always come back to the same town for a holiday as it's so nice.	come back to вспоминаться кому-л.	The details of the story are coming back to me now although it happened a long time ago. It suddenly came back to mi where we met.	come back to возвращаться к предмету разговора	I think it's time to come back to the most important question: who is to pay for the new building?cut back сокращать	The factory's production has been cut back.dam back сдерживать удерживатьdie back отмирать (о растениях)	The bushes may have died back in this cold autumn but they will grow again next spring.double back запутывать следdouble back убегать обратно по собственным следам	If you get lost in a forest it is best to double back the way you came.	double back сложить вдвое	Double the map back so that we can read it more easily. We double the top of the sheet back over the covers for comfortable sleep.draw back выходить из дела	The firm drew back from its agreement and wanted to talk about a new contract. It may already be too late to draw back.	draw back отходить назад	The crowd drew back to let the firemen through. The mouse drew back in terror as the cat sprang.	draw back держаться на расстоянии	Mary drew back from other people at the party.fall back отступатьfall back (up)on прибегать к чему-л.fall back (up)on обращаться к кому-л. в нуждеfeed back возвращать	The salesmen feed back information to the firm about its sales.fight back давать отпорfight back tooth and claw яростно сопротивлятьсяfight back сдерживать	She fought back her tears as she said goodbye. I had to fight back a desire to laugh at the small child's remark.flash back возвращаться к прошлому	The film flashed back to the earlier scene so that we understood her reasons. My mind flashed back to last Christmas.fold back отвернутьfold back the bedclothes свернуть постельget back вернуть(ся)	When did your neighbours get back from their holiday?	get back возмещать (потерю убытки)get back наказывать (кого-л. - at)	Students have no way of getting back at a teacher who marks their work unfairly. We can get back at the government for their unfulfilled promises by voting against them at the next election.	get back снова говорить по телефону (с кем-л. - to)	I'll take advice on this matter and get back to you this afternoon.go back возвращаться	Shall we go back there for our holiday next year?	go back нарушить (обещание, слово) (on upon)go back отказаться (от своих слов) (on upon)	You should never go back on your promise to a child.	go back изменить (друзьям и т. п.) (on upon)	I was depending on him but he went back on me. Never go back on your friends.	go back переводить часы назад	The clocks go back next week so it will seem dark sooner.	go back заканчивать забастовку	I will be glad when the post office workers go back it's very difficult not getting any letters.hang back упираться	Jane is afraid of people she always hangs back when we take her to a party.	hang back не решаться робетьhang back отставатьhark back возвращаться к исходному пункту	In any troubled times the British tend to hark back to wartime days when people helped each other in a friendly spirit Aunt Mabel is always harking back to her childhood in the country.have back приглашать в свою очередь	We owe the Millers a dinner invitation when are we going to have them back?head back преграждать (путь)hit back давать сдачи	If he hits you first I suppose it's all right to hit him back.	hit back отражать атаку	In a letter to the newspaper Tom hit back at those who had found fault with his latest book.hold back сдерживать(ся); воздерживаться (from)	Police horses were used to hold back the crowd.	hold back утаиватьhold back the truth скрыть правдуhold back удерживать, вычитать (из зарплаты и т. п.)keep back удерживать, задерживать	The men built banks of earth to keep back the rising flood waters.	keep back скрывать	He kept the news back.	keep back держаться в сторонеkick back (от)платить той же монетойkick back отдавать назад	Be careful how you start the motor it sometimes kicks back. 	kick back возвращать (краденое)	We only won the contract because we agreed to kick back 5% of the profit to the man who got us the job.	kick back возобновляться (о болезни)	This kind of feverish cold is slow to cure; it often kicks back just when you think you're better.knock back пить (большое количество жидкости)	How can Gordon knock back eight pints of beer every Saturday afternoon while he watches the football game on television?	knock back стоить кому-л.	That car must have knocked her back a few pounds!lie back откинуться	Lie back dear you'll be more comfortable.look back оглядываться	Looking back the way we had come we could see the whole valley spread out behind us.	look back вспоминать прошлое	It's easy to make judgments looking back at the past.love back отвечать взаимностьюmake back вернутьсяmove back подавать назад	Move back! The roof is falling!pass back возвращать	When you've read the letter will you pass it back to me? One of the rules of the game is that the ball can only be passed back.	pay back отплачиватьpay back in kind отплатить той же монетойpeel back отвернуть (край одежды)	Peeling back his trouser leg he showed them the wound.play back воспроизводить	Press the red button to play back.plough back запахивать	The farmer ploughed the loose leaves back to enrich the soil.	plough back превращать в капитал	We have ploughed back all the profits into methods of increasing trade next year.pop back быстро вернуться	I just popped back to give you the tickets.	pop back быстро вернуть (что-л.)	You'd better pop the ring back before your aunt misses it.pull back оттаскивать	He pulled the curtain back and looked down into the street. The mother putted the child back from the flames just in time.	pull back отступать; отводить (войска)	The crowd pulled back to let the firemen through. We decided to pull back our forces and try to advance again tomorrow.	pull back сократить расходы	With the reduction in the money allowed we shall have to pull back on our spending. pull back замедлять темп	When you sing this song try not to pull back as it makes it dull.push back отбрасывать, отталкивать назад, оттеснять	Pushing her hair back she picked up the telephone. Our forces have succeeded in pushing the enemy back on all fronts.put back передвигать назад	Why don't you put your chair back a little to get a better view?	put back возвращать на место	Put the book back where you found it.	put back задерживать	The fire in the factory put back production by several weeks.	put back откладывать, переносить	The concert had to be put back to the following week.	put back передвигать назад (стрелки часов)	My watch was fast so I put it back three minutes.	put back возвращаться (в гавань, к берегу)	The storm became so fierce that we had to put back into the harbour.	put back стоить обходиться	Our holiday put us back $1000.reach back уходить назад в прошлое	If you reach back in your mind you should be able to recall the name.read back повторять записанный текст	Take down the names as I read them to you and then read your list back to me.refer back возвращать для нового рассмотрения	The decision must be referred back to the committee as there is now fresh information to be considered.	refer back отослать	In requesting an answer it is wise to refer back to earlier letters. May I refer you back to my earlier remarks on this subject?rein back остановить (лошадь)	The rider had to rein his horse back when the child ran across his path.	rein back обуздывать	Jim had great difficulty in reining in his anger.roll back откатывать(ся) назад	As the waves roll back more and more sand can he seen.	roll back снижать цены до прежнего уровня	The firm is on trial for refusing to roll back its pay increases.	roll back исчезать (о времени)	Standing in the castle yard we could feel the centuries roll back.	roll back отбрасывать (противника и т. п.)	Enemy forces are being rolled back on all fronts.run back to восходить к	His family line runs back to the Conquest.	run back to прослеживать до	If we run the story back to its origin we might understand the cause.	run back over припоминать	Let's run back over what has just been said.	set back передвигать назад	Why don't you set your chair back a little to get a better view?	set back препятствовать	The cost of the war has set back national development by ten years.	set back отсрочивать 	The election will be set back to July to avoid the June holiday.	set back переводить назад (стрелки часов)	My watch was fast so I set it back three minutes. д) стоить обходиться The boy's education has set me back more than $3000.shove back отталкивать назад	Shoving her hair back she picked up the telephone. Our forces have succeeded in shoving the enemy back on all fronts.shrink back отступить назад	The crowd shrank back from the sight of the body.	shrink back избегать чего-л.	Why do you always shrink back from the possibility of change?sink back откинуться	He sank back into his comfortable chair.	sink back отступать	She sank back unwilling to face her father's anger.sit back откидываться (на спинку стула и т. п.)	Sit back there's no need to be nervous.	sit back отстоять (от дороги)	The church sits back from the main street.	sit back бездельничать	He's the sort of person who never helps just sits back and lets others work.snap back отвечать резко	Don't try to be friendly to him: he'll only snap back.	snap back внезапно улучшиться	Share prices snapped back when the good news reached possible buyers.spring back отпрянуть	The cat sprang back after touching the hot stone.stand back держаться	Stand back! This is a very powerful explosive!step back отступить	If you step back you could fall down the cliff	step back уступить	From time to time the teachers should step back and let the children run things their own way.strike back отпарировать	In a letter to the newspaper Tom had a chance to strike back at those who had found fault with his latest book.tail back тянуться; растягиваться	Traffic tailed back for 25 miles when the road was blocked by an accident.take back отводить; отвозить; относитьtake back брать обратноtake back one's words брать свои слова обратноtake back напоминать (прошлое)	This toy tool me back to the time of my childhood	take back повторять	Let's take that scene back to the beginning and get it right this time.	take back возвращать (деньги, залог)	The seller will take back the mortgage.talk back возражать		tear back броситься назадthink back вспомнить	If you think back on the past year you can see what great changes you have made. Thinking back it must have been before the war.throttle back сбрасывать скоростьthrow back бросать обратно назад	He threw the fish back into the river	throw back отбрасывать назад	He threw back his head.	throw back расправлять	He threw back his shoulders.	throw back отражать	The mirror threw back his image.	throw back замедлять развитие, отбрасывать назадthrow back уходить корнями в глубь веков		throw back upon возвращать (к чему-л.)throw back upon теснить	The enemy has thrown them back upon themselves.thrust back толкать обратно заталкиватьtoss back отбрасывать назад	She tossed her head back она резко откинула голову назад	toss back много выпить	You should see the amount of beer those boys have been tossing back this evening!	trace back выяснять происхождение	try back заметив ошибку начать сначала	turn back прогнать; заставить повернуть назад	Our troops turned the enemy back.	turn back повернуть назад	They turned their way back	turn back обернуться;turn back возвращаться	I had to turn back to page 10 to find where I had met the character before.	turn back возвращать	The refugees were turned back.	turn back отвернуть (край одежды)walk back отказываться от (слов, позиции)	way back давно	way back in the nineties