be before быть жить раньше чем	King Henry VII was before Queen Elizabeth I.	be before предшествовать чьему-л. рождению	No I don't remember that film it was before my time. During the war - but that was before your time of course-it was difficult to get enough eggs.	be before обвиняться	Peter has been before the court again on a charge of driving while drunk.bend before подчиняться, уступать	I'd advise you to bend before the old lady's wishes.bring before а) заставить предстать перед судом	Peter has been brought before the court on a charge of drunken driving.	bring before предложить на рассмотрение	Your suggestion will be brought before the committee at a suitable date.come before предшествовать	Did the invention of the telephone come before the end of the last century?	come before превосходить кого-л. рангом	Members of the Royal Family come before lords and ladies.	come before быть более важным чем что-л.	Consideration of a fellow worker's health must come before my own professional pride. 	come before представать перед судом	When you come before the judge you must speak the exact truth.	come before рассматриваться	Your suggestion came before the board of directors yesterday but I haven't heard the result of their meeting.go before жить/умереть раньше чем кто-л.	Let us remember all those who have gone before us and have left us their example of Christian living.	go before представать перед судом	When you go before the judge you must speak the exact truth.	go before предлагаться на рассмотрение	Your suggestion goes before the board of directors next week.lie before предстоять в будущем	Difficult times lie before us. Death lies before us all.	lie before быть более важным чем что-л.	My duty to my family lies before my own interests.long before задолго до	pale before бледнеть меркнуть	These floods pale before the ones we had this year when the whole river overflowed its banks.send before предавать в руки закона	Peter was sent before the court last week on a charge of drunken driving.send before представить на обсуждение	Your suggestion will be sent before the board of directors at their next meeting.set before представлять (факты, идею)	Your suggestion will be set before the board of directors at their next meeting.	set before предлагать (что-л. на выбор)	The government has set two choices before the voter: to control wages and prices or to suffer further increases in the cost of living.think before подумать обдумать	You have to think twice before doing smth.unfold before (постепенно) развертываться	As the mist cleared a most beautiful view unfolded before their eyes.