back down спускаться, отступать пятясь
	You'll have to back down carefully the ladder is not steady.

bang down с шумом захлопнуть

bang down забить, заколотить

batten down заколачивать досками, задраивать
	Batten down the hatches!

batten down принимать меры готовясь к трудностям

be down спускаться утром из своей спальни
	Is Mary down yet? Her eggs are getting cold.

be down сократиться, снизиться (о цене, количестве)
	The price of milk should be down next week. Unemployment figures are down from last year. Bank rates will be down another point by next month.

be down записаться
	Make sure everything you've agreed is down on paper before you leave the meeting. Your contract says you must work at least 40 hows a week. it's down here in black and white.

be down as быть записанным в качестве кого-л. чего-л.
	I see you're down as a singer is that right? Why am I down as belonging to the other group?

be down for записаться для чего-л. (для участия в соревновании)
	Both the girls are down for the third race

be down for the count быть в нокауте
	I think the young fighter is down for the count yes it's all over! Last time he was only down for a count of three.

be down in the dumps быть несчастливым
	Mother was beginning to feel better but she's down in the dumps again.

be down in the mouth быть несчастливым
	Mother was beginning to feel better but she's down in the dumps again.

be down on сердиться, ругаться
	The teacher is always down on the slower students. The director was down on Jim this morning for being late again.

be down on быстро найти (ошибку)
	Be careful with the report you send to the director as he'll be down on any little mistake in a moment!

be down on one's luck находиться в тяжелом положении
	What are friends for except to help you when you're down on your luck for a short time?

be down to израсходовать
	I was down to my last penny when at last I found a job. Thanks so much I was down to my last cigarette.

be down with болеть
	Jane was down with a cold last week so she didn't come to work.

bear down преодолевать

bear down подходить по ветру

bear down устремляться

bear down upon набрасываться нападать (на кого-л.)

bear down влиять

bear down наносить поражение разбивать
	His determined efforts at last bore down all opposition.

bear down прилагать усилия
	The driver bore down with all his strength to control the car when the wheel stuck.

bear down подходить близко к чему-л.
	With the wind blowing strongly behind the little boat bore down on the harbour.

bear down возлагаться на кого-л.
	The responsibility for his family bears down on a young man.

bear down строго наказывать кого-л.
	The courts must bear down on young criminals.

beat down сбивать (цену)
	Competition should beat the price down.

beat down убедить кого-л. снизить цену
	The man was asking L5 for the dress but I beat him down to L4.50.

beat down сломить (сопротивление, оппозицию)

bed down устраивать на ночь
	Would you bed the horses down for me? We'll bed the children down now. I'll bed down on the chairs. Can Jane bed down with her sister?

belt down гнать вдоль (дороги)
	You got here fast! Yes the new car belted along (the road). If you belt down the road you'll get to the shop before it closes.

bind down ограничивать кого-л.
	The young scientist felt bound down by a lot of useless and confusiing rules. I don't want to bind you down feel free to use your own ideas.

bind down связывать веревкой
	The traveller woke to find himself bound down to the ground with long ropes.

blow down падать под воздействием ветра
	The storm blew several trees down in the park. When did that old tree blow down?

bog down увязнуть (в болоте)
	The car got bogged down and wouldn't more.

bog down встречаться с трудностями
	The talks with the men got bogged down on the question of working hours.

boil down уваривать(ся), выпаривать(ся), сгущать(ся)
	Use plenty of vegetables because the cooking boils them all down to a small quantity. Put a lot of the vegetable in the pan it all boils down (to a small quantity).

boil down сокращать(ся), сжимать(ся)
	You can boil the long story down to a few sentences and it still has the same meaning.

boil down сводиться к чему-л
	The whole matter boils down to a power struggle between the trade union and the directors.

bow down склонять(ся)
	The apple tree was bowed down with the weight of its fruit.

bow down заставлять кого-л. страдать
	Aunt Helen spent years bowed down with grief after the death of her husband.

bow down ограничивать свободу кого-л. строгим политическим контролем
	The people of Russia before 1917 were bowed down by the cruelty of the ruling powers.

bow down признать поражение
	We shall never bow down to our enemies.

break down разбивать толочь
	The police broke the door down. The old cars were broken down for their metal and parts.

break down разрушать(ся)

break down сломить (сопротивление)
	The police tried to break down the prisoner's opposition. The prisoner's opposition broke down under repeated questioning.

break down ухудшаться сдавать (о здоровье)
	You will break down if you work too hard. Peter broke down and was unable to work for a year.

break down разбирать (на части), классифицировать

break down распадаться (на части)
	The figures must be broken down into several lists. The figures break down into several kinds showing us different ways of looking at the firm's activities.

break down анализировать

break down провалиться потерпеть неудачу
	Peace talks have broken down in the Middle East. Your health will break down if you work too hard.

break down не выдержать потерять самообладание
	Peter broke down and wept when he saw the deer that he had shot.

break down прекращать работу (о механизмах)
	The washing machine seems to have broken down again. The car broke down on the way to the airport and I had to get a taxi.

break down распадаться (о химических соединениях)
	Chemicals in the body break down our food into useful substances. Our food breaks down in the body into useful substances.

bring down свалить, сломать
	In American football you have to try to bring down your opponent.

bring down снижать (цены)
	Shopkeepers have been asked to bring down their prices.

bring down заставлять кого-л. снижать цены
	We bought the dealer down to a much lower figure.

bring down сбивать (самолет)
	The gunners brought down three planes.

bring down подстрелить
	The hunter brought down a deer.

bring down победить (врага политического оппонента)
	At the next vote we must try to bring down the government.

bring down делать переносы при умножении
	When you divide 216 by 4 divide 4 into 21 giving 5 with I remaining then bring down the next figure 6 and divide this 16 by 4 the answer is 54.

bring down приводить в уныние
	The youngest son has only brought down trouble on the family.

bring down передавать что-л. из поколения в поколение
	This ring has been brought down in my family.

bring down снижать до своего уровня
	We are afraid that Helen will bring Simon down to her own level.

bring down доводить до сведения населения
	The city council will bring down the new spending plans on Monday.

brush down ругать кого-л. за провинность
	I could hear the director brushing Sim down for being late again.

buckle down серьезно браться за работу
	It's time you buckled down and got some work done.

bunk down устраивать(ся) на ночь
	Would you bunk the children down for me? Two of the boys bunked down together.

burn down сжигать дотла
	The old house burned down last night in the big fire. The old house was burnt down and only ashes were left.

burn down догорать
	Let's leave the fire to burn down and go into our tents.

call down навлекать

call down порицать делать выговор
	The newspapers called down Tom's latest book.

call down оспаривать, отводить (довод)

call down ругать
	The director called Jim down for being late again.

call down вызывать на дуэль на бой
	A gentleman should call down any man who is rude to his wife.

call down давать приказ об атаке (особенно воздушной)
	As a last effort the general called down heavy bombing on the enemy positions.

call down on призывать (проклятия) на (чью-л.) голову
	The priests called down punishment on the people for their evil ways.

calm down успокаивать(ся), смягчать(ся)
	Calm down there's nothing to worry about. The wind seems to be calming down at last. Try to calm the children down they're too excited. Calm yourself down there's nothing to worry about.

carry down передавать оставлять потомкам (об идеях)
	This custom has been carried down from the 18th century.

cash down деньги на бочку

cast down свергать разрушать перевертывать
	True believers must cast down the temples of the false gods.

cast down опускать (глаза)

cast down повергать в уныние угнетать
	Mary was cast down by the bad news about her mother.

chain down ограничивать, сковывать кого-л.
	I don't want to chain you down feel free to use your own ideas. My mother always complained of being chained down to housework.

change down (в машине) поменять скорость на меньшую
	You have to change down when you drive uphill.

charge down записывать в долг
	Charge the goods down to my account.

charge down (в регби) останавливать мяч своим телом
	Edwards charged down Duckham's kick. Did you see Miller charging the ball down just then?

choke down с трудом проглатывать (пищу)
	He hated the meal but choked it down out of politeness.

choke down с трудом подавлять (слезы волнение)
	he choked down his anger он поборол свой гнев

chop down срубать
	The whole forest was chopped down to make room for the new airport.

chop down разрушать что-л.
	The committee members chopped down the chairman's opinion.

chuck down бросить(ся) на землю
	When he heard the bomb whistling down. Jim chucked himself down on the floor with his hands over his head.

clamour down заставить замолчать (криками)
	The politician tried to make himself heard but the crowd clamoured him down.

clamp down (on) прекращать
	The government has promised to clamp down on criminal activity. We must clamp down now before it's too late to stop the trouble.

clamp down (on) стать требовательнее к кому-л.
	The government has promised to clamp down on young criminals.

clatter down с грохотом свалиться вниз

clean down сметать (пыль со стен)

clean down чистить (лошадь)

clean down вымыть
	We were asked to clean down the walls when we left the house that we had been renting.

clew down опускать паруса
	Clew the mainsail down the wind is too strong. The captain asked the sailors to clew down.

climb down слезать
	When you reach the top of a mountain the worst part is climbing down.

climb down отступать уступать (в споре)
	The speakers forceful words persuaded his opponent to climb down.

close down закрывать (предприятие) прекращать работу
	The shop will be closing down for good on Saturday so everything is half price. The owner is having to close the shop down.

close down применять репрессии подавлять

close down задраивать

close down заканчивать теле- и радиопередачи
	This station is now closing down and we wish you all goodnight.

close down сгущаться нависать
	Darkness closed down on the city.

come down падать (о снеге дожде)

come down спускаться опускаться
	Come down Jane your breakfast's ready!

come down спадать ниспадать
	The price came down. My weight has come down again.

come down переходить по традиции
	This ring has come down in my family for two centuries. This ring has come  down  from  my great-grandmother

come down приезжать из столицы на периферию из университета домой из центра на окраину
	I can't come down till I've finished my  last examinations. When is your aunt coming down from London? The whole family are coming down to stay for Christmas.

come down быть поваленным (о дереве)
	Several trees came down in last night's storm.

come down быть разрушенным (о постройке)
	Three of the enemy planes came down in the battle. The old hotel is coming down and a new one is to be built.

come down деградировать
	to come down in the world потерять состояние положение опуститься

come down набрасываться на кого-л. (upon on) бранить наказывать кого-л. (upon on)

come down раскошелиться
	Come down with your money!

come down with заболеть чем-л.

come down приземляться (о самолете)
	The plane came down safely in spite of the mist.

come down сводиться
	When it all comes down there isn't much in his story. The whole matter comes down to a power struggle between the trade union and the directors.

come down a peg сбавить тон

come down on требовать от кого-л.
	The debt collector came down on us for payment. Mother came down on me to clean my room.

come down on наказывать кого-л.
	The courts will come down (heavily) on young criminals.

come down on ругать кого-л.
	The director came down on Jim for being late again.

come down on решать в пользу кого-л.
	The chairman will have to come down on one side or the other soon.

come down to рассматривать что-л.
	When we come down to details the plan seems possible. When it comes down to a matter of principle it seems we have no choice.

come down to переходить по традиции по наследству к кому-л.
	This ring has come down to me from my grandmother.

come down to сводиться к чему-л.
	The whole matter comes down to a power struggle between the trade union and the directors.

come down to опуститься до чего-л.
	Has he come down to this? He came down to selling matches on street corners.

come down with заболеть чем-л.
	Jane has come down with a bad cold.

cook down остывать, остужать
	A rest in the shade will cool you down. We had to stop at the top of the hill and wait for the engine to cool down.

cook down успокаивать(ся)
	Don't try to argue with your father till he's cooled down. A small payment now will cool his anger down.

cook down остывать к кому-л. чему-л.
	He used to say he loved me but recently he seems to have cooled down. I liked your offer at first but now I have cooled down.

cough down кашлем заставить замолчать (говорящего)
	The speaker was coughed down by the unfriendly crowd of students.

count down считать в обратном порядке
	The people at Control have already begun to count down.

crack down (on) сломить (сопротивление)
	The government has promised to crack down on criminal activity.

crunch down размалывать, расщеплять
	This machine crunches the rock down so that it can be used for road building.

crush down смять придавить
	If you walk in the farmer's field be careful not to crush down any growing crops.

crush down раздробить
	This machine crushes the rock down so that it can be used for road building.

crush down подавить (восстание оппозицию)
	The cruel king crushed down any sign of opposition from the people. The council has promised to crush down criminal activity in the city.

cry down осуждать

cry down умалять принижать

cry down сбивать цену

cry down раскритиковать
	That man who writes for the newspaper is always crying down her performances although many people enjoy them. His family are most unkind to Harry always crying him down.

cry down заглушать криками
	Before the politician was halfway through his speech the crowd cried him down.

cry down отклонять
	I'm afraid the committee has cried down your suggestion.

cut down сокращать (расходы статью)
	I could cut your father's trousers down for the boy. Your article will have to be cut down to fit into the book.

cut down рубить (деревья)
	Half the forest was cut down to make room for the new road.

cut down сражать (о болезни смерти)
	The soldier was cut down in his youth.

cut down разбивать (аргумент)
	Your arguments are too easy to cut down.

cut down сторговаться
	He's asking too much for the chairs can't you cut him down?

cut down expenses сократить расходы

die down увядать
	The bushes may have died down in this cold autumn but they will grow again next spring.

die down падать в обморок

die down замирать (о звуке)
	The fire is dying down put some more wood on! The wind died down at last and all was quiet. When the hunt has died down we shall be able to leave our hiding place.

dig down заплатить
	Come on you can afford to give us something just dig down a little.

dim down постепенно гасить свет (в театре)

doss down найти себе место на ночь
	Don't worry about me I'll doss down on these chairs. Poor people are not allowed to doss down in the park.

drag down ослаблять
	It's the fever that's been dragging him down.

drag down разрушать (морально)
	If you marry that man he'll drag you down.

draw down спускать (штору занавес)

draw down навлекать (гнев неудовольствие)
	If you go on behaving like that you'll draw down blame on our heads. Don't risk drawing down his anger.

draw down втянуть затянуться (папиросой)

dress down задать головомойку отругать
	The director dressed Jim down for being late again.

dress down плохо одеться
	She dressed down to visit her poor relatives so as not to offend them by a show of her wealth.

dress down чистить, натирать (кожу и т.д.)
	Help me to dress the horses down so that they will look nice for the show.

dressing down noun выговор, порка

give a good dressing down задать хорошую головомойку

drink down выпить залпом
	Drink your medicine down it's good for you.

drop down наносить неожиданный визит
	Let's drop down to his summer home and see if he's there.

dust down вытирать пыль с чего-л.
	She picked herself up dusted herself down and started walking again.

dust down ругать кого-л.
	The director dusted Jim down for being late again.

ease down замедлять ход

ease down уменьшать напряжение усилие

escalate down смягчать (конфликт)

face down осадить запугать
	The speaker faced his opponent down.

fade down понижать постепенно (звук)
	The radio station faded the music down to give a special news broadcast.

fall down упасть

feed down использовать (землю как пастбище)

fight down победить подавить
	He fought down his terror as darkness descended and walked on through the wood.

file down спиливать обрабатывать отшлифовывать
	The door won't fit you'll have to file it down.

fine down делать(ся) изящнее тоньше уменьшаться сокращаться
	The worker fined the metal down. Alice has fined down a lot since last year.

flag down сигнализировать водителю с требованием остановить машину
	After the accident the passenger flagged down the nearest passing car and asked to be taken to a telephone.

fling down сбрасывать на землю
	He flung his books down on the ground and ran after the other children.

fling down разрушать

flow down стекать

frown down заставить замолчать взглядом
	The teacher frowned the child down when he kept repeating his request.

gear down замедлять (движение)
	You have to gear down when you drive uphill.

gear down ослаблять понижать уровень
	The courses have been geared down to the lower ability of students in these special classes.

get down спуститься сойти
	Get down from that horse at once! The cat climbed the tree and then couldn't get down.

get down снять (с полки)

get down проглатывать
	Try to get the medicine down it's good for you.

get down засесть (за учение) (to)

get down подстрелить
	Did you get down the enemy plane? The hunters got down three deer

get down выходить из-за стола
	Please may I get down? All right down you get then all of you!

get down записывать
	Get down every word she says.

get down нервировать
	This continuous wet weather is getting me down.

get down (to) уделять внимание
	It's time we got down to work.

glance down быстро прочитывать
	As she glanced down the list she saw that she had left out a name.

go down спускаться опускаться
	to go down in the world опуститься потерять былое положение (в обществе)

go down затонуть
	Three ships went down in last night's storm off the coast.

go down садиться (о солнце)
	As the sun went down below the horizon the sky became pink and gold.

go down быть побежденным
	After so many victories our team went down in the last game! The city went down before the enemy.

go down стихать (о ветре)

go down быть одобренным (with - кем-л.)

go down быть проглоченным
	The child coughed and coughed because a piece of bread had gone down the wrong way. A spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down.

go down быть записанным
	Our secret plans must not go down on paper.

go down уезжать на каникулы
	It must seem very quiet in the university town when the students have gone down for the summer.

go down понравиться кому-л.
	Jim went down well with Mary's parents on his first visit.

go down не удаваться
	The business has been going down all winter perhaps trade will be better in the spring. One of my best students went down in the examination.

grind down размалывать(ся)
	Mills used to use heavy stones to grind down the wheat into flour now they use more modern machinery.

grind down стачивать
	A new knife needs to be ground down to get it really sharp.

grind down замучить
	The villagers of the Middle Ages were often ground down by their lords and masters. Don't let the army grind you down!

groan down ворчаньем заставить (говорящего) замолчать

grow down уменьшаться, укорачиваться
	Even if you plant the seed upside down the roots will still grow down.

gun down застрелить

hammer down урегулировать

hand down подавать сверху
	Please hand down the large dish from the top shelf I can't reach.

hand down помочь сойти вниз
	The loyal servant handed the lady down from her carriage.

hand down передавать по наследству оставлять передавать младшим поколениям
	This ring has been handed down in my family.

hand down официально объявлять
	The city council will hand down the budget on Monday.

hang down свисать ниспадать

hang down one's head повесить голову

haul down опускать, травить (канат)
	All the farm workers had to help to haul the bags of cattle food down from the cart.

have down принимать в качестве гостя
	we'll have them down for a few days они будут гостить у нас несколько дней

help down помочь сойти
	Help me down (the stairs) with this heavy case will you?

hiss down прогнать свистом

hold down держать в подчинении
	The whole nation was held down by the cruel rule of the former king.

hold down удержать не потерять
	to hold down a job не потерять место удержаться в должности

hoot down заставить замолчать криками
	The politician had not been speaking for more than ten minutes before he was hooted down.

hound down выловить разыскать
	The police have promised to hound down those responsible for the explosion.

howl down заглушать (воем криком)
	The students disagreed with the speaker's opinion and howled him down.

hull down с корпусом скрытым за горизонтом

hunt down выследить, поймать
	Farmers will not be satisfied till all the local foxes that have been killing their chickens have been hunted down.

hunt down затравить

hunt down преследовать

hunt down выискивать
	We've been hunting down a good cheap house all over the city.

hurt down броситься на землю, на пол
	When he heard the bomb whistling down Jim hurled himself down on the floor with his hands over his head.

jump down спрыгнуть, соскочить
	Try to stop the children from jumping down the stairs one day they'll get hurt.

jump down помочь спрыгнуть (ребенку)

keep down не вставать продолжать сидеть или лежать
	If there's shooting going on keep down.

keep down задерживать рост, мешать развитию

keep down prices не допускать повышения цен

keep down подавлять (восстание, чувство)
	It was all I could do to keep my temper down when I saw the boys treating the dog badly.

keep down тошнить
	He can't keep down his food.

keep down уничтожать
	Chemicals are used to keep the insects down.

keep down оставлять на второй год
	Jane was afraid that if she failed her examinations again she would be kept down next year.

kick down снижать скорость
	When you're going up a steep hill and losing speed you have to kick down.

knock down сбить с ног

knock down сломать разрушить снести (дом)
	It was a pity that the old theatre had to be knocked down to make way for the widening of the road.

knock down разобрать на части (машину при транспортировке)
	The furniture has been knocked down ready for the buyer to put it together himself.

knock down опрокинуть, разбить (довод)
	His speech was poorly prepared and I soon knocked down his argument.

knock down понижать цены
	The price was knocked down to $3.

knock down продавать с аукциона
	The best furniture was knocked down for a low price to the dealer in the second line of seats.

knock down прожить (деньги)

knock down зарабатывать деньги
	A clever lawyer can knock down $40000 in a good year.

knock down удивлять кого-л.
	The unexpected news fairly knocked him down.

knuckle down уступить подчиниться

knuckle down решительно взяться (за что-л.)
	to knuckle down to one's work решительно приняться за дело

laugh down заглушить смехом (речь)
	The crowd laughed the speaker down.

lay down arms сложить оружие

level down понижать до какого-л. уровня

lie down ложиться, прилечь
	Mother isn't feeling too well and has gone to lie down.

lie down принимать без сопротивления покорно

take punishment lying down принимать наказание покорно

lie down under (an insult) проглотить (оскорбление)

live down загладить, искупить
	You shouldn't have to spend the rest of your life living down one silly mistake in your youth.

look down  (on, upon) смотреть свысока, презирать
	She looked down on Jim and thought he was not worthy of her daughter

look down падать (в цене)

make down ушивать (одежду)
	Can you make the dress down for her younger sister?

mark down снизить цену занижать (оценку)
	Some of the sale goods have been marked down by as much as 50%.

mark down записывать
	I marked down the address that she gave me over the telephone and took care not to lose it.

melt down расплавлять растворять
	Some of the stolen jewellery can be melted down and sold for the value of the precious metal.

minute down записывать

move down опускать(ся), спускать(ся)
	The old man had difficulty in moving down the stairs.

mow down скашивать
	We shall have to mow down the long grass in the big field.

mow down косить (об эпидемии)
	The front row of soldiers were mown down by machinegun fire.

nail down прибивать заколачивать
	The lid was nailed down so we couldn't get it off.

nail down поймать на слове

nail smb. down прижать кого-л. к стене

nail smb. down to his promise требовать от кого-л. выполнения обещания

nail down закрепить подкрепить (успех достижение)

nail down выразить точно
	It is difficult to nail down the exact meaning of this verb.

narrow down свести к

narrow an argument down свести спор к нескольким пунктам

nick down вести счет делая нарезки

nick down записать что-л.

nick down зарубить на носу

pack down уплотняться, трамбоваться
	If the snow isn't cleared from the roads quickly it packs down hard and makes driving difficult.

pare down обстругивать
	This door has swollen in the wet weather and will have to be pared down with a sharp knife.

pare down сокращать, урезывать
	The universities and colleges have been asked to pare down their spending to the least possible. The number of Ministers has been pared down by a third.

pass down посылать, передавать (информацию)
	Pass the message down to the people at the end of the table. Pass the message down the line the general's coming!

pass down проходить вперед (в автобусе)
	Pass (right) down inside please! Pass down the bus please!

pass down оставлять следующим поколениям
	This custom has been passed down since the 18th century. This ring has been passed down in my family.

peg down закреплять колышками, прибивать гвоздями
	Make sure the tent is safely pegged down in this high wind.

peg down связывать, стеснять, ограничивать
	If he's not pegged down to a certain course of action he gets lazy.

peg down искуственно поддерживать цены на более низком уровне
	The government is attempting to peg down the price of food.

phase down постепенно сокращать, свёртывать
	The government phases down air operations.

piece down надставлять (одежду)

pin down заставить кого-л. (выполнить обещание), поймать на слове
	See if you can pin the chairman down to an exact date. We shall have to pin him down to his promise.

pin down точно определить, установить
	At last we were able to pin the trouble down to a fault in the machine. It is difficult to pin down the exact meaning of this verb.

pin down to связывать (обещанием)

pipe down сбавить тон, стать менее самоуверенным

pipe down замолчать
	Pipe down you boys at the back there we can hardly hear ourselves.

plane down состругивать
	There are still a few rough places on the surface that need to be planed down.

play down преуменьшать умалять
	The doctors thought it kind to play down the serious nature of her illness.

play down заигрывать
	Politicians have to learn to play down to the voters.

plunge down круто спускаться (о дороге)
	The path plunges down (the cliff)
	to the sea.

plunge down бросаться круто вниз
	Without stopping to think of his own safety he plunged down (the river bank)
	to save the drowning child.

point down указывать вниз
	"There's the coin you dropped!" she said pointing down.

point down делать гладкой (поверхность)
	Do you use a special tool to point the wood down?

pop down нанести короткий визит заглянуть заскочить
	Pop down to see us while you're so near.

preach down выступать против чего-л. осуждать

press down придавливать, прижимать
	The grass had been pressed down in places where people had been lying.

prune down укоротить обрезав (ветви)
	Shall I prune this bush down?

prune down сократить, снизить
	Is there any way we can prune the costs down still further?

push down нажимать, надавливать
	The grass had been pushed down in places where people had been lying.

put down опускать, класть
	He put his heavy bag down on the ground. The rest of you can put your hands down now.

put down высаживать
	Can you put me down at the next corner please?

put down откладывать, прерывать (работу)
	Put down whatever you're doing and join the party!

put down съедать, выпивать
	You'd he surprised at the amount that boy can put down in a single day.

put down запасать (что-л.)
	I have put down over 100 eggs this winter.

put down записывать
	Put down every word she says.

put down записать на (чей-л.) счет
	I'll take three boxes would you put them down (to my account)?

put down вносить часть (суммы)
	You can buy this house by putting 10% down and paying the rest over twenty-five years.

put down подписываться на определенную сумму
	Put me down for L5.

put down подавлять (восстание)
	The police are attempting to put down violent crime in the city.

put down заставить замолчать

put down осуждать критиковать
	Tom's latest book has been severely put down in the newspaper reports.

put down урезывать (расходы) снижать (цены)
	Put down your expenditure.

put down rare понижать (в должности) сместить

put down принижать умалять
	He made an unkind remark intended to put her down.

put down считать
	I put him down for a fool я считаю его глупым

put down приписывать (чему-л.)
	I put his bad temper down to his recent illness.

put down aeron. снизиться совершить посадку
	The pilot was able to put the damaged plane down safely.

put down сбить заставить приземлиться (самолет)

ram down утрамбовывать
	The men are using a heavy machine to ram down the surface of the newly mended road.

ram down забивать вколачивать
	We had to ram the pipe down a narrow hole to get it through.
	
ram smth. down smb.'s throat пристать с чем-л.
	I do not like having our lack of money rammed down my throat every time I want some new clothes.

reach down доставать, снимать
	Please reach me down that book on the high shelf.

reach down тянуться (вытягивать руку) вниз
	Reaching down he pulled the cat from the well.

render down сводить (к чему-л.), выражать упрощенно
	Most of his ideas can be rendered down to a system of thinking based on outdated facts.

roar down выкриками не давать говорить
	The next speaker tried to make himself heard but the crowd roared him down.

round down округлять с понижением (числа)
	The shop rounds the price down to the nearest pound.

row down обойти, перегнать (о лодке)

rub down вытирать досуха
	You'd better rub the boy down with this old cloth or he'll catch cold.

rub down чистить лошадь

rub down стирать шероховатости отчищать

rub down точить шлифовать

run down сбегать (вниз), течь, стекать (вниз)
	Walk down the stairs don't run down. The river runs down to the sea.

run down столкнуться повредив или ранив
	The poor boy has been run down by a bus. The big ship has run down the little boat.

run down разыскать
	At last I ran down the article that I had been looking for.

run down догнать, настигнуть
	The police had run the jewel thieves down after a long search.

run down останавливаться (о машине, часах)
	I think the clock must have run down.

run down снижать(ся), сокращать(ся)
	The coal industry is running down.

run down пренебрежительно отзываться (о ком-л.)
	She's always running down her son's wife.

run down спускаться (обыкн. о местности)
	The land belonging to the castle runs down to the sea.

run down переутомлять(ся) истощать(ся) изнурять(ся)
	In spite of my holiday in the sun I've been run down recently.

scrape down соскрести, соскоблить
	Tom scraped down all four walls in the room.

scream down снижаться издавая пронзительные звуки
	As the bombs came screaming down the villagers tried to take shelter.

scrub down соскребать, счищать
	Scrub the walls down well before painting them.

send down исключать или временно отчислять из университета
	He was sent down from his university for taking drugs.

send down понижать (цены)
	Bad weather has sent the ticket sales down.

set down класть ставить (на землю на стол)
	Tom set down his knife and fork with a look of complete satisfaction. Set the wounded soldier down carefully.

set down устанавливать (правила, соглашение)
	We had to set down rules for the behaviour of the members. These price limits are set down by the government. The law sets down that speed limits must be obeyed.

set down высаживать
	The second passenger asked to be set down at the church.

set down записывать, письменно излагать
	I have the details set down here in my notes.

set down (for) назначать
	The trial has been set down for 13 April.

set down (for) считать (кого-л. кем-л.)
	As the man had rough hands I set him down for a farm worker.

set down осадить обрезать (кого-л.)
	Pushing people need to be set down. Наглым людям нужно давать отпор.

set down (as) считать, рассматривать
	I'm sorry I'd set you down as belonging to the other group. Since she did not answer I set her down as fearful and nervous.

set down (to) приписывать (чему-л.), объяснять (чем-л.)
	I set his bad temper down to his recent illness.

settle down просыпаться (о сыпучем материале)
	Shaking will settle the powder down.

settle down устраиваться, усаживаться
	Settling himself down in his favourite chair he lit his pipe.

settle down успокаиваться, стабилизироваться
	At last all the excitement had settled down.

settle down успокоить
	Please go upstairs and settle the children down.

settle down устроиться, обустроиться
	How long did it take you to settle down in this country?

settle down to married life обзавестись семьей

settle down остепениться, угомониться
	Having a baby often settles a young man and woman down.

settle down приступать (к чему-л.), браться (за что-л.)
	The boy couldn't settle down to his homework.

settle down тонуть (о корабле)
	The damaged ship leaned over and slowly settled down on the ocean flow.

sew down пришивать

shake down стряхивать (плоды с дерева)
	You don't have to climb the tree it may be possible to shake the apples down.

shake down разрушать (дом)
	Our shack was shaken down.

shake down постилать (солому, одеяло), устраивать постель
	Don't worry about me I can shake down anywhere.

shake down утрясать(ся)
	The sugar in the sack shook down.

shake down приспособиться освоиться сжиться
	You'll soon shake down in your new job.

shake down вымогать (деньги), заставить раскошелиться
	We can shake down every shopkeeper for at least $100.

shake down проводить испытания (самолета) в реальных условиях
	Next week we should be able to shake down the new ship.

shake down обыскивать, обшаривать
	The police had to shake down every building in the street before they found the man.

sheet down литься сплошным потоком
	We can't possibly hold the garden party it's been sheeting down all morning.

shin down спускаться
	Take hold of the rope at the top and then just shin down. The police was sure that the thief had got away by shinning down a pipe.

shine down затмевать, превосходить
	She shone everybody down.

shoot down сбить огнем
	Today our fighters have shot down twenty enemy planes.

shoot down застрелить, расстрелять

shoot down одержать верх в споре

shout down перекричать заглушать криком
	His questions were shouted down.

shove down нажимать, надавливать, придавливать
	The grass had been shoved down in places where people had been lying.

shove down проталкивать вниз (сквозь что-л.)
	You'll have to shove the brush down the pipe.

show down открыть карты

shut down закрывать захлопывать (крышку)
	He shut the lid down with a loud noise.

shut down прекращать работу (о предприятии)
	The factory may shut down if supplies cease.

shut down отключить (электричество), остановить (станок машину)
	On Monday the power supply will be shut down for the whole building.

shut down опускаться (о тумане)

simmer down кипеть на медленном огне, выкипать
	The soup has simmered down after all this time so that there is hardly any left.

simmer down успокоиться, остыть
	Don't try to ask Jim a favour give him time to simmer down.

sit down садиться
	Why don't you sit yourself down beside me and talk to me?

sit down приземляться

sit down (under) мириться, терпеть
	Why should I sit down under her continued offensive remarks?
	
sit down under insults сносить оскорбления

sit down выступать против (предложения, идеи)
	The whole committee sat down on the suggestion as being completely unsuitable.

sit down приниматься (за что-л.)
	Both sides are prepared to sit down to long talks if necessary.

slam down со стуком швырять
	She slammed down the letter and walked angrily out of the office. She slapped the letter down on the table and walked out in a bad temper.

slick down приглаживать (о волосах)
	I don't like the men who used to slick their hair down.

slim down уменьшать(ся) в весе, уменьшать (количество, объем)
	We've had to slim down our holiday plans. The railway system in our country is being slimmed down.

slip down поскользнуться
	My wife has slipped down in the street and hurt her ankle.

slip down соскользнуть
	The coin has slipped down behind the books and I can't reach it.

slip down проскользнуть легко пройти
	The medicine slipped down well enough.

slow down снижать скорость
	The severe snowstorm has slowed the traffic down.

slow down снизить темп жизни, жить более спокойно
	The doctor advised Jim to slow up for a time to give his heart a chance.

slow down уменьшать, замедлять
	The factory has had to slow down production.

smooth down приглаживать
	She smoothed her dress down over her knees.

smooth down успокаивать
	What can we do to smooth his hurt feelings down?

sober down остывать, успокаиваться
	The crowd sobered down when the speaker turned to more serious matters.

sponge down обтирать(ся) мокрой губкой
	It's so nice to sponge myself down in a hot bath it makes me feel so much cleaner.

stamp down притоптать

stand down покидать свидетельское место (в суде)
	Thank you you may now stand down

stand down уступать свою позицию
	I've spent so many years as chairman that I feel it's time I stood down.

stare down смутить взглядом
	Children enjoy a silly competition in which they try to stare each other down.

stay down оставаться в желудке
	Jane is sick again: nothing she eats will stay down

stay down оставаться в шахте (в знак протеста)
	The miners are determined to stay down until their pay demands are met in spite of the discomfort

stay down оставаться на второй год
	Jane was afraid that if she failed her examinations again she would have to stay down repeat the work and miss her friends.

step down спуститься
	Stepping down from the stage he took a member of the crowd by the hand and led him up the steps

step down выйти (из экипажа)

step down понижать напряжение (электрическое)
	The quantity of medicine to be taken can be stepped down gradually after the first week

step down уступить свою позицию
	I've spent so many years as chairman that I feel it's time I stepped down.

stick down класть
	Stick the boxes down anywhere we'll sort them out later

stick down записывать
	I've stuck his name down in my little book

stick down приклеивать
	I can't remove this photograph it's been stuck down.

stop down оставаться в желудке
	Jane is sick again nothing she eats will stop down.

strike down свалить с ног сразить
	Jim was struck down by a bus in the middle of the main street

strike down убить поразить (болезнью)
	The businessman was struck down with a heart attack in the middle of the meeting.

swoop down пикировать (о самолете)

take down снимать (со стены полки)
	He took down his pictures. He took down a pot of jam from the shelf.

take down спускать
	He took down his trousers.

take down сносить, разрушать
	The building is to be taken down.

take down разбирать (машину) (на составные части)

take down a machine демонтировать станок

take down a tent снять палатку

take down переносить
	My editor took this word down to the next line.

take down сбивать (в полёте)

take down записывать
	Take down my address!

take down проглатывать

take down снижать (цену)

take down унижать

take down распускать (волосы)

take down сопровождать (даму к столу)

talk down перекричать (кого-л.)
	She can talk down fifty men.

talk down порочить
	They talks down the competitor's products.

talk down говорить с кем-л. свысока

talk down to говорить понятно для кого-л.

tamp down набивать, уплотнять
	To give himself time to think he tamped down the tobacco in his pipe and then lit it slowly.

tear down срывать
	She teared down a notice.

tear down сносить (постройку)

tear down опровергать (пункт за пунктом)

tear down нестись мчаться

tear down подрывать (репутацию)

teem down лить (о дожде)
	The rain is still teeming down but I can't wait any longer to go out.

thin down уменьшаться (в числе, весе, размере, численности)

thin down the population сократить число жителей
	The population of the villages is thinning down now that so many people are going to the cities.

thin down худеть
	Mary has thinned down a lot since last year.

thin down разводить, разжижать
	At first you need to thin down the paint.

throttle down уменьшить газ

throw down сбрасывать бросать

throw oneself down броситься на землю

throw down one's arms сдаваться

throw down one's tools забастовать

throw down сносить разрушать (здание)
	This house was thrown down by an earthquake.

throw down ниспровергать низвергать

throw down chem. вызывать оседание

throw down отклонять (предложение)

throw down one's brief отказываться от дальнейшего ведения дела

throw down the glove вызвать на дуэль

thumb down ни в грош не ставить, обрекать на бездействие

tie down привязывать

tie down связывать стеснять
	to be tied down by rules быть связанным правилами

tone down снижать понижать
	to tone down one's voice понизить голос

tone down смягчать приглушать (краску)

tone down смягчать, затушёвывать
	Now you should tone down sharp details.

tone down смягчаться, ослабевать
	The excitement toned down.

tone down phot. ослаблять

topple down падать
	I tried to build a house of cards but it soon toppled down.

topple down прекращаться терять силу
	His ideas of winning power quickly toppled down when he learned who his opponent was. The organization toppled down when its leader died.

toss down осушать
	to toss down one glass after another осушать бокал за бокалом

touch down приземлиться коснуться земли

towel down вытирать(ся) полотенцем

track down выследить (и поймать)
	After many days the hunters were able to track down the dangerous bear.

track down разыскивать

track down исследовать до конца

trade down продавать или покупать по более дешёвой цене

train down сбавлять вес специальной тренировкой диетой)

trample down вытаптывать, растаптывать
	Horses trampled down the grass.

trample down утаптывать, утрамбовывать

trample down подавлять, уничтожать, растаптывать
	They trampled down the law.

tread down подавлять, попирать

tread down стаптывать (каблук)

trim down урезать, уменьшать (бюджет, производство)
	We will have to trim our spending down to fit our income.
	
trim down сбрасывать (лишний вес)

tumble down свалиться, упасть
	He tumbled down on the ice.

tumble down превратиться в руины
	That old building could tumble down any day now.

tumble down рассыпаться (о волосах)

tumble down течь вниз (о ручье)

tumble down провалиться
	Don't tumble down on this easy test.

turn down отвергать (предложение), отказывать (кому-л.)

turn down убавить (свет, газ, громкость)
	Turn down the volume on the radio!

turn down загнуть, отогнуть, отвернуть
	He turned down his collar.

turn down загибаться вниз

turn down сворачивать (за угол)

turn down поворачивать (карту) лицом вниз

turn down разбирать, готовить
	Let's turn down the bed.

turn down отвергать, отклонять
	He turned down my offer.

turn down отказывать (кому-л.)

vote down провалить (предложение)
	In spite of the chairman's support the suggestion was voted down by the rest of the committee.

war down завоевать покорить

wash down вымыть
	I need some help to wash the walls down before painting.

wash down окатить (водой)

wash down смыть снести
	The floods have washed most of the soil down from the river banks.

wash down запивать (еду, лекарство)
	The meal was so bad that we had to wash it down with cheap wine.

wave down ловить машину

wear down стирать(ся), изнашивать(ся)
	The record is worn down.

wear down преодолевать (сопротивление)
	Our endless gunfire will soon wear the enemy down so that he will yield.
	
wear down опровергать (аргументы)

wear down утомлять (кого-л.)
	I don't wonder that so many mothers look worn down with hard work looking after children.

weigh down отягощать перевешивать

weigh down угнетать тяготить

weight down тянуть вниз оттягивать

weight down отягощать (заботами)

wipe down полностью вытирать

write down записать

writing down списание суммы

