abort from orbit уход с орбиты

abscond from сбежать, скрыться
	The boy had absconded from his school.

abscond from избегать чего-л. делать
	You cannot abscond from your responsibilities.

abstract from украсть, незаметно извлечь
	The Mews abstracted the jewellery from her drawer.

as from now с сего числа с настоящего времени

aside from помимо

aside from за исключением

back from в стороне, вдалеке от
	back from the road в стороне от дороги

back from сзади, позади

banish from one's mind отгонять мысли
	You can banish from your mind any idea of a holiday: we can't afford it.

bar from запрещать
	After the member was caught cheating he was barred from the club. The doctor was barred from practising after he was proved guilty of improper behaviour.

borrow from заимствовать
	His poetry borrows (words)
	from Shakespeare.

change from превращать из кого-л.
	The beggar was changed from a prince.

clear from suspicion вне подозрений

come from приходить откуда-л.
	What country do you come from? Danger comes from unexpected places.

come from иметь какой-л. результат
	What results do you expect to come from all this activity? That's what comes from sleeping late you have a headache all morning.

come from происходить от кого-л.
	She comes from a long line of singers.

deflect from (заставить) бросить что-л.
	Concern for his family deflected him from his studies.

dig from выкапывать

drain from уезжать
	Thousands of clever men drained from Britain in the years just after the war. The chance of better pay and advantages has drained many good men away from Britain.

draw from получать что-л.
	What answer can you draw from the proofs that are offered? The moral to be drawn from this story is that honesty is best. His income is drawn from several different businesses.

draw from списывать, копировать
	All the characters in the story are drawn from life. The writer drew the stories from her own experience.

draw from собирать, отбирать
	Members of Parliament are drawn from all classes of society. The children chosen to perform in the city concert have been drawn from schools all over the city. Farmers have to draw seasonal helpers from the unemployed.

emancipation from slavery освобождение от рабства

get from abroad получать что-л. из-за границы

grow from развиваться
	Most international firms have grown from small family businesses.

jostle from вытолкнуть, оттолкнуть

keep from удерживать(ся), воздерживаться от чего-л.
	What kept you from doing it? почему вы этого не сделали? he kept his anxiety from showing он старался не выдать своего волнения

lapse from virtue грехопадение

lift from копировать
	Parts of your article have been lifted bodily from a well-known magazine.

name from называть в честь (кого-л.)

paint from nature рисовать с натуры

part from расстаться с кем-л.
	It's hard to part from friends you love. A fool is soon parted from his money.

pass from переходить (от одного состояния к другому)
	The weather should soon pass from this bitter cold  to  more  springlike temperatures.

pass from покинуть, умереть
	There has passed from among us a man who held a high position in our literature.

pass from the picture сойти со сцены

rise from the ranks выдвинуться из рядовых в офицеры

seduce from отклонить (от чего-л.), заставить забыть (что-л.)
	It doesn't take much to seduce me from my work.

slip from ускользать (из памяти)
	I knew her face hut her name had completely slipped from my mind.

spring from неожиданно появиться откуда-л.
	Where did you spring from? I didn't hear you coming

spring from происходить откуда-л.
	Her doubts spring from too much experience of failure.

squeeze from с трудом получать, вымогать, вынуждать
	Can you squeeze any more money from your father?

start from scratch sport не иметь преимущества

start from scratch начать все с (самого) начала

straight from the shoulder сплеча

suffer from nerves страдать расстройством нервной системы

take from взять
	He took money from a friend. He took the book from the table. He took a book from the library.

take from верить, считать истинным

take it from me поверьте мне

take from принимать (вид форму)

take from наследовать (имя название)
	The city of Washington takes its name from George Washington.

take from вычитать
	to take one number from another вычесть одно число из другого

take from снижать, ослаблять
	it takes much from the pleasure это портит удовольствие

take from отбирать, забирать
	I'll take it from him я отберу это у него

tear from отрывать
	The soldiers had orders to tear the children from their mothers' arms if they refused to give them up.

tell from определять, отличать
	to tell one thing from another отличать одну вещь от другой

transfer from перемещать 
	He transfered a book from a table to a shelf. They transfered a prisoner from one prison to another.

translate from переводить
	This poem has been translated from Old English.

translate from перемешать переводить переносить
	The priest has been translated from his old church to this area.

twitch from выдергивать

where from откуда?
	Where do you come from? Ask her where she comes from?

withdrawn from circulation изъятый из обращения

