away off далеко

back off отодвигаться, отступать
	The crowd backed off in terror as the soldiers charged.

bang off (зря) расстреливать (патроны)

be off уходить
	The train is off.

be off начинать движение особенно в гонке
	They're off!

be off заканчиваться (о еде в ресторане)
	I'm sorry the lamb is off may I suggest some chicken?
	
be off испортиться (о еде)
	This fish is off. I won't buy it.

be off освобождаться от работы
	I'm off at 6.00. Let's meet then.

be off начинать долго говорить на какую-то тему
	Oh dear Father's off again on his favourite subject-himself!

be off запасаться
	How we you off for clothes?

be off заканчивать принимать (лекарство)
	How soon can mother be off her medicine?

be off не быть заинтересованным
	Jane has been off her food since she caught a cold. I've been off that kind of music for some time now.

be off (with) one's bargain аннулировать сделку

be off guard недостаточно бдительный

be off one's beam рехнуться

be off one's beat быть вне привычной сферы

be off the beam сбиться с пути

be off to начинать с чего-л.
	If Jim and Mary are quarrelling already it looks as if their marriage is off to a bad start.

be off with освобождаться, избавляться
	Be off with the old love before you are on with the new.

bear off отклоняться

bear off отталкивать лодку от берега
	Is everyone on board? Let's bear off we've no time to waste.

beat off отбивать, отражать

beat off плыть с трудом
	The boat had to beat back against a strong wind.

beetle off уходить, отправляться
	I turned to answer him and found he had beetled off without waiting for an answer.

beg off отпроситься

beg smb. off добиться прощения, смягчения наказания

bite off откусывать
	The dog seized the meat and bit a piece off.

blast off стартовать (о космическом корабле)
	The space ship blasted off at 15.30 according to plan.

block off закрывать что-л. препятствуя прохождению
	The gas pipe has been blocked off to prevent escapes. The police blocked off the street where the gunman was hiding.

blow off продувать

blow off steam дать выход избытку энергии
	Let the children blow off steam outside while the weather's fine they get so restless indoors when it's raining.

blow off транжирить (деньги)

bog off уходить
	Bog off! Get out of here!

bowl off выйти из игры

box off отделять перегородкой
	The police boxed off the area into smaller parts for better control. He keeps those two ideas boxed off from each other in his mind.

branch off разветвляться отходить от главного направления
	Take the little path which branches off to the left.

brass off подавать рапорт, жаловаться
	The young soldiers are all brassing off again they're never satisfied. We're all brassed off with this terrible food.

break off отламывать
	The wing of the plane broke off in mid-air and the plane crashed. Mary broke off some of the chocolate to give to the children.

break off внезапно прекращать (разговор, дружбу, знакомство)
	Greece broke off relations with Turkey. Relations between Greece and Turkey have broken off.
	
break off action/combat/the fight выйти из боя

break off прекращать говорить
	Jim was in the middle of a funny story when he broke off to answer the telephone. Jim broke off telling the story to answer the telephone.

bring off спасать
	The lifeboat brought off most of the shipwrecked sailors.

bring off (успешно) завершать
	Jim's plan seemed hopeless but he brought it off. Jim was pleased when he brought off a seemingly hopeless attempt.

brown off надоедать, наскучить
	Why should you feel browned off? You're supposed to be on holiday. All this endless bad news browns me off.

browned off раздраженный
	I'm browned off with it.

brush off удалять, устранять
	Don't worry about that mark it will brush off. Please brush this insect off.

brush off быстро убежать

brush off отмахиваться
	The committee brushed off his enquiries with meaningless promises. Jim's girl friend brushed him off before he met Mary.

buck off сбрасывать (с седла)
	Some horses are specially trained to buck their riders off to amuse the crowd at an outdoor performance.

bugger off уходить смываться
	Bugger off will you? I don't want you here.

bully off начинать играть в хоккей
	Are you ready to bully off?

bump off устранить силой, убить
	The old man who owned the jewels was bumped off by the thieves.

bundle off спешно уходить выгонять кого-л.
	I bundled him off.

bundle off спровадить кого-л. после неприятности
	The family were so ashamed of the youngest son that they bundled him off to Canada.

bung off удирать

bunk off сбежать из дома, из школы
	More than half the class bunked off last week when there was a test. The reason he lived with his grandparents was that his father had bunked off and left his mother when he was a baby and shortly afterwards his mother had got ill and died.

burn off сжигать
	His hair was burnt off. Now that they have gathered in the crops the farmers are burning off the stubble in the fields.

burn off удалять остатки урожая с поля
	The farmers are burning off the fields.

buy off откупаться
	His sister threatened to tell the police so he had to buy her off.

buzz off уходить, удаляться, улизнуть
	Buzz off you children I don't want you in my garden.

call off отзывать, отменять, прекращать
	
call off откладывать, переносить
	The game was called off.

call off отвлекать (внимание)

call off оглашать список
	The teacher began to call off the names on his list.

call off отводить уводить кого-л.
	Call off your dog he's biting my leg!

carry off уносить, уводить, похищать
	The enemy carried off our sentry.

carry off выигрывать (приз)
	Jim carried off most of the prizes at the races.

carry off скрашивать

carry off выдерживать
	Though frightened he carried it off very well.

carry off свести в могилу
	it was a daring attempt but he carried it off. This piano piece is difficult to carry off.

carry off извинять
	Quick thinking and ready speech may carry off a little daring.

cast off покидать (что-л. неприятное)
	He was pleased to be able to cast off such an unwelcome responsibility. The Russian people rose casting off the chains of unjust rule.

cast off заканчивать работу

cast off отдавать (швартовы)
	Don't cast off the boat till everyone is on board. Cast off all ropes! Are you ready to cast off?

cast off спускать (собаку)

cast off освобождаться от старой одежды
	When you grow too big for your clothes cast them off and I'll give them away.

cast off отрекаться отказываться (от кого-л.)
	When he grew rich he cast off his old friends.

cast off сбрасывать терять (кожу)
	The snake cast off its old skin.

cast off спускать (петли в вязанье)
	At the end of the row cast off seven stitches. Be careful not to cast off too tightly or the work will lose its shape.

cast off определять по рукописи объём печатной работы
	I've cast off your book and think it should come to about 400 pages when it's printed.

charge off списывать со счёта, в расход
	The firm had to charge off the debt as hopeless.

charge off приписывать
	The director thinks that the firm can charge off its success to his leadership.

check off записывать что-л.
	The teacher checked the children's names off as they entered.

check off заканчивать работу
	The workers in this factory check off at 5.00.

check off удерживать из заработной платы
	This firm has arranged to check off your union membership money from your pay before you get it.

cheese off злить, раздражать (with)
	I'm cheesed off with this endless waiting for buses. It's the way-winter goes on and on that cheeses me off about this place.

choke off заставить, отказаться (от попытки, намерения)
	He began to tell about his adventures all over again but I choked him off. Jane wants an invitation to the party how can we choke her off?

choke off устранить кого-л.

choke off (for) ругать кого-л. (за что-л.)
	The director choked Jim off for being late again.

chop off отрубать
	The king's head was chopped off. You could improve the tree by chopping off some of the upper branches.

chop off прерывать кого-л.
	The chairman chopped the speaker off in mid-sentence.

chuck off сбегать
	If we run fast we'll be able to chuck the police off.

chuck off освобождаться (от чего-л. плохого)
	I don't seem to be able to chuck off this cold.

claw off лавировать от подветренного берега
	The boat clawed off slowly until it reached the wind when the sails filled and the boat gathered speed.

clear off отделываться от чего-л.

clear off проясняться (о погоде)
	In the afternoon the mist cleared off and the rest of the day was fine.

clear off убираться
	Just clear off at once!

clear off убирать
	Please clear your papers off so that I can serve dinner. Please help your mother to clear off. Please help your mother to clear off the table.

clear off полностью заплатить долг
	I'm glad I've cleared off the money I owed my mother.

clear off дешево продать товар
	The shop decided to clear off the summer clothes when the new winter fashions arrived.

clear off заканчивать что-л.
	I'd like to clear off the rest of the work which was waiting for me after my holiday.

clock off заканчивать работу (особенно в установленное время)
	The workers in this factory clock off at 5.00.

close off блокировать (дорогу, проход)
	The police have closed off the streets so that the President can drive through the city free of traffic.

come off сходить (о пятне и т.д.)
	Do you think that dirty mark will come off? The top part of the machine comes off for cleaning.

come off удаляться
	Come off with me and have some coffee I'm tired of listening to this speech.

come off отрываться
	This button has come off my coat.

come off иметь успех, удаваться
	All came off satisfactorily.
	
come off with honour выйти с честью

come off отделываться

he came off a loser он остался в проигрыше

he came off clear он вышел сухим из воды

come off происходить, иметь место
	The wedding came off in spite of Jim and Mary's last-minute quarrel.

come off замолчать
	oh come off it! да перестань же!

come off падать с чего-л.
	You have to come off seven times before you can call yourself a rider.

come off сокращаться
	If the tax is reduced that 5% will come off the price of the goods.

come off second-best потерпеть поражение, неудачу

cone off помечать (часть дороги) конусами
	Part of the main road was coned off after the accident.

cook off остужать
	A rest in the shade will cool you off. We had to stop at the top of the hill and wait for the engine to cool off.

cook off успокаивать(ся)
	She didn't cool off for hours after that argument. I tried to cool her off but she was still very angry when she left.

cook off остывать к кому-л. чему-л.
	He used to say he loved me but recently he seems to have cooled off. I liked your offer at first but now I have cooled off.

cordon off окружать, блокировать
	The police have cordoned off the area where the gunman was last seen.

count off отсчитывать
	At the beginning of each class I count off the students to see if the number present agrees with the attendance lists.

cross off вычеркивать
	I'll cross your name off. I'll cross your name off the list.

cry off отказываться от сделки, намерения
	Jim had arranged to play in the game but he cried off at the last minute so we had to find another player.

curtain off отделять занавесом
	I have curtained off this part of the room where the bed is.

cut off обрезать отсекать прерывать
	operator I have been cut off послушайте станция нас разъединили

cut off приводить к ранней смерти
	The soldier was cut off in his youth.

cut off отрезать (отступление)
	The army was cut off from its supplies. Last night's severe snowstorm cut off three villages.

cut off выключать (электричество, воду, газ)
	The electricity supply will be cut off if we don't pay our bill.

dab off снимать легкими мазками
	Dab the mud off carefully don't rub too hard or you'll make it worse.

dally off откладывать в долгий ящик

damp off (о растениях) высохнуть
	It rained so much last winter that half the vegetable crops damped off.

dash off быстро набросать (письмо, записку)
	I must dash off this letter before the post is collected.

day off выходной день

declare off отказаться от (сделки)
	The two sides declared the agreement off.

die off отмирать

die off умирать один за другим
	The trees-have been dying off during the severe winter and there are few left. The deer in the forest are all dying off from disease.

dine off есть с чего-л.
	Does the Queen really dine off gold plates?

dine off есть на обед
	I wish I could afford to dine off fresh meat every day.

draw off отвлекать
	A sudden shout drew the policeman's attention off and the prisoner escaped.

draw off отводить (воду)

draw off оттягивать (войска)

draw off отступать (о войсках)
	The soldiers drew off and waited for the next attack.

draw off снимать стягивать (сапоги, перчатки)
	Help me to draw off these muddy boots.

drive off заставить отступить
	The army drove off the enemy with much effort and loss of life.

drive off сдерживать
	Sing a song to drive off those feelings of sadness. This medicine will help to drive the disease off. The police used horses to drive the crowds off.

drop off расходиться

drop off уменьшаться
	Student numbers have been dropping off recently. Interest in the game has dropped off.

drop off заснуть
	I was sitting in the armchair reading the newspaper when I dropped off. I had a bad night. I went to bed early enough but for some reason I couldn't drop off.

drop off умереть

drop off оставить кого-л. что-л.
	Drop me off at the corner and I'll walk from there. I just want to drop this letter off I'll drop my coat off at the cleaners on my way to the office.

drop off ухудшаться
	The quality of performance has dropped off since last year.

drop off the hooks сыграть в ящик отправиться на тот свет

dust off вытирать пыль с чего-л.
	He dusted off the old book and handed it to me.

dust off снова использовать что-л., снова делать что-л.
	If the family are all coming for Christmas I'd better dust off the large meat tin. Dust off your old skills and prepare for new responsibilities.

ease off стать менее напряженным, ослаблять(ся)
	The rain should ease off before midday. The danger of war has eased off. When will this pain ease off?

ease off отдавать (канат)
	Ease her off gently now! It should be possible to ease off in this light wind.

ease off расслабляться
	Now that the children are bach at school I can ease off. Ease off we don't need to go so fast now.

eat off отъедать (о кислоте)

eat off есть за чей-л. счет
	He's been eating off his brother for weeks.

end off оканчиваться, прекращаться, обрываться
	The chairman ended off his speech with a reminder of the main points.

fall off отпадать, отваливаться

fall off уменьшаться, ослабевать
	Student numbers have been falling off recently. Interest in the game has fallen off.

fall off не слушаться руля (о корабле)
	The leading boat fell off when the wind grew too strong.

fight off отбить, отогнать, выгнать
	He fought off three men who attacked him.

fight off предотвратить, избегать
	I must wear warm clothes as I am fighting off this cold.

file off спиливать, отшлифовывать

fine off делать(ся) изящнее, тоньше

finish off покончить

fire off дать выстрел, выпалить (замечание)
	The crowd fired off questions at the speakers.

fly off поспешно убегать, уклоняться
	Mary flew off home as soon as she heard about the accident.

fly off соскакивать, отлетать

fly off the handle соскочить с рукоятки (о молотке)
	
fly off the handle выйти из себя
	He flew off the handle.

freeze off отказать(ся)
	The girls froze him off when he wanted to join the party. We froze off their offer of help.

frighten off спугнуть
	Don't put your prices too high or you'll frighten the customers off.

fuck off слоняться, бить баклуши
	What have you been doing today? Oh nothing just fucking off.

fuck off уходить, переставать
	Oh fuck off! I'm tired of your complaints.

get off сойти, слезть
	That grass is newly seeded please get off!

get off снимать (платье)

get off отбывать, отправляться
	We must be getting off now. We have to get off early tomorrow.

get off начинать
	He got off to a flying start.

get off убежать, спастись, отделаться (от наказания)
	The man went to prison but the two boys got off (with a warning).

get off откалывать (шутки)
	I got a good one off today.

get off отрываться от земли

get off знакомиться

get off чистить
	There's a dirty mark on the wall that I can't get off.

get off спасать (с тонущего корабля)
	The last three sailors were got off just before the ship sank.

get off избежать ранения
	Seven people in the bus were killed but the train passengers got off lightly.

get off засыпать
	I had a bad night 1 went to bed early enough but for some reason I couldn't get off (to sleep).

get off учить
	I've got this poem off by heart already.

get off кончать работу
	I'll meet you after work -- what time do you get off? I get off at 5.30.

get off быть в наркотическом опьянении
	Why didn't you get off? You can't have taken enough of the drug. He gets off on loud music but I don't.

get off light легко отделаться

get off the trail сбиться со следа

go off убежать сбежать
	Why did the painter leave his family and go off to live on a tropical island?

go off уходить со сцены
	At the end of this scene the murderer goes off hearing the police arrive.

go off терять сознание, умирать

go off сойти, пройти
	The concert went off well.

go off выстрелить (об оружии), выпалить
	A gun goes off every day to mark exactly one o'clock.

go off ослабевать (о боли)

go off стать хуже, испортиться (о мясе)
	The quality of performance has gone off since last year.

go off отделаться от чего-л., сбыть, продать

go off засыпать
	I had a bad night I went to bed early enough but for some reason I couldn't go off.

go off at a trot быстро уйти, удалиться рысцой

go off half-cock говорить/поступать необдуманно опрометчиво

have off выучивать наизусть
	I have the whole poem off (by heart)
	already.

have off иметь выходной, отпуск
	Can I have Monday morning off to see my doctor?

head off препятствовать, преграждать (путь), отражать (нападение)

head off a quarrel предотвратить ссору

help off (with) помочь снять что-л. (об одежде)
	Please help me off with my boots they're so tight!

help off помочь отделаться от

hiss off прогнать свистом
	After only five minutes the actor was hissed off (the stage)
	by an angry crowd who demanded their money back.

hit off точно изобразить немногими штрихами словами уловить сходство
	The boy's performance of the teacher hit her off to perfection.

hit off импровизировать

hit off напасть на (след мысль)

hit off иметь хорошие отношения с кем-л.
	How nice that the two girls hit it off so well. Do you hit it off with your husband's mother?

hive off исчезать уходить без предупреждения
	Where's Jim? I suppose he has hived off again.

hive off отделять(ся)
	The salesman was so successful that in the end he hived off from the firm into his own business. The business was becoming so large that the directors decided to hive off some parts of the work and start new firms.

hold off удерживать держать(ся) поодаль
	The ship will have to hold off from the shore until this storm passes Mary tends to hold off from people who try to be friendly too suddenly.

hold off задерживаться
	the rain held off till the evening дождь пошел только вечером

hop off взлетать (о самолете)

hop off уходить
	Hop off you boys you have no right to he in my garden!

hop off выходить из машины
	At the end of the ride all the children hopped off and ran into the house for their dinner.

hurry off поспешно уехать

hurry off поспешно увезти, унести

jump off соскочить
	jump off a chair соскочить со стула

keep off держать(ся) в отдалении, не подпускать

keep off! назад!

keep off the subject! не касайтесь этого вопроса!

keep off the grass! не ходите по траве!

keep your mind off this не думайте об этом, выкиньте это из головы

keep off задержать(ся)
	Will the rain keep off until after the game? A piece of cheese will keep off hunger for a time.

keep off воздерживаться
	The doctor advised Jim to keep off fattening foods.

keep off не упоминать
	I suggest that you keep off religion while the priest is here.

kick off сбросить (туфли)
	Take your shoes off and leave them neatly don't kick them off into a corner the way you usually do.

kick off sport вводить мяч в игру ударом с центра
	What time does this afternoon's game kick off?

kick off начинать
	Who will kick off with the first question for our speaker?

kick off умереть
	I hear poor old Charlie has kicked off!

kick off уходить
	Well I really must kick off now I've stayed long enough.

kick off сломаться
	That old washing machine has kicked off again!

kill off избавиться

kill off уничтожить
	The trees were killed off by the severe winter.

knock off стряхнуть смахнуть

knock off сбавить сбить (цену), удержать (сумму)
	If you take both dresses I'll knock $2 off.

knock off уменьшить скорость

knock off быстро сделать, состряпать
	I can knock off a poem in half an hour.

knock off кончить работу
	knock off work прекратить работу

knock off стащить украсть
	Where did you get all those watches?

knock off умереть

knock off убивать
	I don't want to knock the old man off.

knock off приводить в полицейский участок
	You can't knock me off I've done nothing!

knock off разбивать (оппонента)
	If he can knock off the next two opponents he could get into the last part of the competition.

knock off все съедать
	Those boys have knocked off the whole cake!

knock off заниматься сексом с кем-л.
	What a beauty! I'd like to knock her off!

laugh off отшутиться, отделаться смехом (от чего-л.)
	He was caught cheating but tried to laugh it off.

lead off начинать, начало открывать (прения, бал)
	Who will lead off by asking the first question? The next artist is going to lead off with a song.

learn off выучивать наизусть
	Actors have to learn their words off in a very short time.

leave off переставать делать (что-л.) бросать привычку
	He leaved off his winter clothes. He leave off smoking.

leave off останавливаться
	Where did we leave off last time? We left off at the end of chapter III.

level off выравнивать, делать ровным

level off выравнивать самолет (перед посадкой)

lie off стоять на некотором расстоянии от берега или другого судна
	We'll have to lie off until the storm is over.

lie off временно прекратить работу
	As soon as he makes a little money he lies off and spends it.

lift off стартовать (о космическом корабле)
	What time does the spaceship lift off?

live off жить за счет (чего-л. кого-л.)

live off the soil жить на доходы с земли

live off находить достаточно пищи/дохода в чем-л.
	How can you live off the land without experience in farming?

log off выкорчевывать

log off заканчивать работу (о вычислительных машинах)
	It took two hours to complete the calculation so we logged off at 4 o'clock.

look off colour плохо выглядеть

loose off испускать (крик)
	Playing war games the child suddenly loosed off a terrible shout.

make off убежать удрать (с награбленным)
	The police chased them but the thieves made off with the jewels.

march off выступать, уходить, отводить

mark off отделять, проводить границы
	The builders have marked off a comer of the field ready for the new building.

marry off женить
	I will be glad when the last of my daughters is married off then I might have some peace of mind.

measure off отмерять

move off отодвигать

move off уезжать, отъезжать
	The bus moved off before all the passengers had got on board.

naff off убираться, уходить

nip off ощипывать

nip off отщипнуть, откусить
	Every time I pass the rose bushes I nip off a dead flower head so as to improve the new roses.

nip off удрать
	Nip off to the shops before they close and fetch me some milk will you?

number off делать перекличку по номерам

pack off посылать в упакованном виде
	Could you pack these clothes off to my sister?

pack off выпроваживать, прогонять
	The children were packed off to bed as soon as the guests arrived.

pair off разделять(ся) на пары, уходить парами
	The dancers paired off each with her partner.

pair off  (with) жениться, выйти замуж
	I should be free to pair off with the lively widow.

palm off (on, upon) всучать, сбывать, подсовывать
	This law is intended to prevent dishonest people from palming off worthless goods. He palmed the painting off as a Renoir. The salesman palmed off the faulty machine on the lady. I don't believe he means to do the job: he keeps palming me off with promises.

pan off промывать золотоносный песок
	You dip the pan into the bed of the stream and then pan off the sand and dirt hoping that some gold will be left.

partition off отгораживать перегородкой
	Several offices have been partitioned off from the original large room. The original large room has been partitioned off into separate offices.

pass off постепенно прекращаться, проходить (об ощущениях)
	The pain was severe to begin with but soon passed off.

pass off пронестись (о дожде, буре)
	The storm should pass off before dark.

pass off хорошо пройти (о мероприятии)
	The meeting passed off well. How did your performance pass off?

pass off сбывать, подсовывать
	The police caught him for passing off false money. He passed the idea off as his own.
	
pass off (for as) выдавать за кого-л.
	He passed himself off as a doctor.

pass off отвлекать внимание от чего-л.

pass off оставлять без внимания пропускать мимо ушей
	He passed off the difficult question. The remark was intended as rudeness but he passed it off with a laugh.

pass off сдать (экзамен)

pay off выплатить (до конца)

pearl off отсеивать

peel off снимать (корку, кожуру, обертку)
	As you peel away the onion skin you find another skin underneath. Peeling away the wrapping paper she got such a surprise when she saw what was inside!

peel off сходить слезать облезать
	The paint is peeling away already: you can't have prepared the surface properly.

peel off лупиться, шелушиться, сходить (о коже)
	He has a terrible disease in which the skin on the hands peels away.

peel off раздеваться
	She peeled off her coat and jumped into the water. The girls peeled off before swimming.

pension off увольнять на пенсию
	One way to deal with unemployment is to pension off the firm's older workers at an earlier age than usual.

pension off переставать пользоваться (чем-л.) переставать эксплуатировать (что-л.)
	It's time this old washing machine was pensioned off it keeps breaking down.

pinch off прищипывать
	If you regularly pinch back the dead flower heads new ones will grow.

pipette off отсасывать пипеткой

point off отделять точкой
	He pointed off the last two figures.

polish off отполировать

pop off внезапно уйти
	Pop off home children before it gets dark.

pop off стрелять, палить
	Go and pop your guns off in the garden.

pop off умереть
	If you don't take care of your heart you might pop off sooner than you think.

pop off the hooks сыграть в ящик, отправиться на тот свет

print off печатать (фотографии), копировать (статью)
	How many copies do you want printed off?

pull off снимать, стаскивать
	There's a piece of thread on your skirt let me pull it off. Help me to pull off these muddy boots.

pull off добиться несмотря на трудности, справиться с задачей
	After failing his driving test eight times John at last pulled it off.

pull off выиграть (приз, состязание)

pull off отходить, отъезжать
	The boat pulled off from the shore. The horseman pulled off the road.

push off отталкиваться, отплывать (от берега)

push off сталкивать
	Did she fall off the cliff by accident or was she pushed off?

push off убираться, уходить
	Push off at once! I must be pushing off now it's getting late.

push off начинать(ся)
	The year has been pushed off to a successful start by winning the new contract. The curtain will rise in two minutes it's time to push off.

put off высаживать, выпускать
	Would you please put me off (the train) at the railway station?

put off выключать (электричество)
	Please put off all the lights as you leave the building.

put off откладывать
	Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.

put off отделываться, отменить
	He put off with a jest. I've no money so how can I put the rent collector off?

put off вызывать отвращение
	Her face quite puts me off. I was hungry but the smell of the bad meat put me off.

put off мешать, отвлекать (от чего-л.)
	Don't laugh while I'm playing the piano you put me off. Don't talk it puts him off his game.

put off отбрасывать (страхи, сомнения)
	How can I put off these fearful doubts?

put off rare подсовывать всучивать (кому-л.)

put off отчаливать
	The ship at last put off to the cheers of the waiting crowd.

rain off отменить из-за дождя
	Two cricket matches were rained off this weekend

rake off сгребать

rake off загребать (деньги)
	The tax man rakes a third off everything I earn.

rattle off отбарабанить (стихи, список)

rattle off one's lesson отбарабанить урок

rattle off отъехать, откатиться с грохотом (об экипаже)

read off читать четко, без запинки
	Read off the figures to me and I will see if they are correct.

read off объяснять, выражать
	his face doesn't read off его лицо ничего не выражает

reckon off вычитать, делать скидку

reel off быстро без остановки читать или рассказывать
	What is the point of teaching children to reel off the names of the kings and queens of England if they know nothing of history?

ride off отъезжать, уезжать (на лошади, велосипеде)
	Without saying a word she got on her bicycle and rode off.

right off сразу, немедленно
	right off the bat - с места в карьер сразу же

rip off сдирать, срывать
	The explosion ripped off the whole front of the restaurant.

rip off воровать, грабить
	John wouldn't dare to rip off a bank.

rip off запрашивать слишком высокую цену, вымогать деньги
	I don't shop at that store any more they're known for ripping off the customers.

rip off выругаться, осыпать проклятиями
	Seeing his enemy he ripped off a curse.

roll off упасть скатившись (с чего-л.)
	Mind that the baby doesn't roll off the bed.

roll off отбарабанить (стихи, список)
	Children delight in being able to roll off long lists of difficult words.

rope off окружать канатом
	The farmer has roped off the field to keep the animals out.

rot off увядать, отмирать
	The lower branches of the bush began to rot off.

round off округлять(ся), закруглять(ся)
	Round off the edges of the table. Your answer should be rounded off to three decimal places.

round off заканчивать, завершать
	to round off the evening with a dance закончить вечер танцами
	Let us have a drink to round the evening off.

rub off стирать(ся), выводить (пятно)
	If you don't prepare the surface properly the paint will rub off. These new boots are so stiff that they rub the skin off my ankles.

rub off (on, onto) отразиться, сказаться (на чем-л.)
	I hope that some fine qualities of Mary's character will rub off onto you.

rule off отделить чертой
	Rule off each exercise as you finish it.

rule off закрыть счет

run off удирать, убегать, сбегать
	Jim and Mary threatened to run off to get married.

run off угонять (скот)
	Someone ran the cattle off during the night.

run off не производить впечатления
	The scoldings run off him like water off a duck's back.

run off отцеживать, спускать (жидкость)
	Get the man to run the oil off.

run off строчить (стихи, статью)

run off I can run off the article that you want in a few days.

run off бойко декламировать
	He ran off the poem like a machinegun.

run off печатать (тираж издания, количество экземпляров)
	Can you run off 200 copies of this notice?

run off выгонять (непрошеных гостей)
	I'll run you off my land.

score off одержать верх (над кем-л.)
	It's not difficult to score off Jim in an argument.

scrape off соскребать, соскабливать
	Let the mud dry so that it will be easier to scrape off (your shoes).

seal off плотно закрывать, перекрывать
	The gas pipe has been sealed off to prevent escapes.

seal off окружать, блокировать
	Police have sealed off the street where the gunman is hiding.

see off провожать (уезжающих), провожать (до дверей к выходу)
	to see smb. off at the station проводить кого-л. на вокзал
	All the parents were at the railway station seeing the children off to school.

see off выгонять, выпроваживать
	If those boys get onto my land again I'll see them off with a gun!

see smb. off the premises выпроводить кого-л.

see off пережить
	They saw off three enemy attacks within three days.

sell off распродавать со скидкой
	The store is selling off their old television sets to make room for the latest models.

send off отсылать (письмо, посылку)
	Have you sent the boxes off yet?

send off прогонять

send off sport прогонять с поля
	Two players were sent off for bald rudeness.

send off провожать, устраивать проводы
	Let's all go to the airport to send Jim off.

separate off отделять
	This pan of the garden should be separated off for vegetables.

set off отправляться (в путь)
	He set off for work an hour ago. Having missed the last bus we had to set off walking.

set off намереваться (делать что-л.)
	I set off to make the work by myself but in the end I had to ask for help.

set off уравновешивать, компенсировать, засчитывать (денежную сумму)
	Some of your debts can be set off by other money owing to you. At least there are good restaurants in this city to set off the disadvantages of the weather.

set off выделять(ся), оттенять, выгодно подчеркивать
	the frame sets off the picture картина в этой раме выигрывает
	The black cloth sets off the jewels nicely.

set off отделять, выделять, отмечать
	Spoken words are set off from the rest of the sentence by speech marks.

set off взрывать
	Terrorists have been setting off bombs in Underground trains.

set off побуждать, вызывать (что-л.)
	to set off laughing рассмешить
	The politician's speech set off violence in the crowd.

set off завести (кого-л.)
	One amusing remark was enough to set the crowd off.

set off at a trot пойти рысью

shake off стряхивать (пыль)
	to shake off the dust from one's feet отрясти прах от ног своих
	Angrily she shook off his hand.

shake off избавляться
	to shake off a bad habit избавиться от дурной привычки
	I can't seem to shake off this fever.

shake off оторваться (от противника), уйти (от преследования)
	After a three-mile chase he was able to shake off the police.

shave off брить, сбривать
	Please don't shave off your beard I like your face with it.

shave off задеть, зацепить
	Getting the car into the garage I shaved off some of the paint from the door.

sheer off отходить под углом, отворачивать
	The boat was able to sheer off in time to avoid an accident.

sheer off убегать, исчезать
	I saw her in the High Street but she sheered off so as not to meet me!

sheer off уклоняться от чего-л., избегать чего-л.
	Every time that delicate subject was mentioned he would sheer off.

shell off шелушиться

shift off снимать с себя (ответственность), избавляться (от чего-л.)

ship off отсылать, отправлять
	You must ship him off to a good school.

shoot off оторвать (осколком бомбы)
	The top of the castle tower has been shot off. The soldier avoided military duty by shooting off one of his toes.

shoot off умчаться
	As soon as I let go of the boy he shot off and disappeared round a corner.

shoot off стрелять в воздух, пускать (фейерверк, ракету)
	The soldiers shot off their weapons as a sign of victory.

shove off отталкиваться (от берега - о лодке)

shove off уходить, убираться
	Shove off at once! I must be shoving off now it's getting late.

shove off сталкивать
	Did she fall off the cliff by accident or was she shoved off?

show off показывать/представлять в выгодном свете
	A plain black background shows the diamonds off best.

show off пускать пыль в глаза, рисоваться
	Don't take any notice of the children's behaviour they're just showing off.

show off похваляться, хвастаться
	I think he visited us just to show off his new car.

shrug off отделаться (от страха), прийти в себя (после сна, выпивки)
	How can you shrug off a feeling of helplessness?

shrug off не обращать внимания, сбрасывать со счетов
	It's unwise to shrug off the  voters' complaints.

shuffle off сбросить (одежду кожу)
	Every spring the snake shuffles off its old skin.

shuffle off свалить (ответственность)
	He was glad to shuffle off the load of responsibility onto a younger man.

shuffle off брести, плестись
	The old man shuffled off in his worn shoes.

shut off выключать (воду, ток, пар)
	Do please shut off that loud music!

shut off (from) изолировать
	On his wife's death he shut himself off from his old friends. This is a beautiful valley shut off by mountains from the rest of the world.

sign off перестать разговаривать, замолчать
	I hope this speaker signs off soon I'm tired of the sound of his voice.

sign off выйти из игры, отмежеваться (от кого-л. чего-л.)
	After ten years I at last decided to sign off and go into business by myself.

skip off скрыться, улизнуть, смыться
	Every time I ask that boy to do a job he skips off and plays with his friends!

slack off ослаблять свое рвение, напряжение

slacken off ослаблять, отпускать, распускать
	Slacken off those ropes there there's a storm coming!

slacken off уменьшаться, становиться менее активным
	House sales usually slacken off during our severe winters. The students tend to slacken off after the first few weeks when their interest is new.

sleep off избавиться с помощью сна (от чего-л.)
	She should be able to sleep off the effects of the drug within a few hours. I hope Father will sleep off his bad temper.

slice off отрезать
	Just slice off enough meat for your dinner and put the rest back.

slip off ускользнуть
	Mary couldn't bear the party so she slipped off while no one was looking.

slip off соскользнуть
	My foot slipped off and I fell to the ground.

slip off сбросить (одежду)
	He slipped his coat off and jumped into the river.

slough off сбрасывать (кожу)
	Every spring this snake sloughs off its old skin.

slough off избавляться (от чего-л.)
	It's difficult to slough off old habits even when you want to.

smite off отсечь снести (саблей мечом)

snap off отломать(ся) (с треском)
	The branch snapped off under the weight of the snow.

snap off (резко) выключать (свет)
	Suddenly the light was snapped off and no one could see the murderer escape.

snatch off срывать
	The wind snatched his cap off.

snip off отрезать, отхватывать
	Mother is in the garden snipping off the dead roses.

snow off отменять (из-за снегопада)
	The opening game of the year was snowed off.

soak off удалить с помощью замачивания
	I soaked the price ticket off overnight.

sound off болтать, распространяться (о чём-л.)
	I could hear Father sounding off on his favourite subject again.

sound off хвастаться, преувеличивать
	He sounded off about his tennis on.

sound off подавать сигнал
	Ask the musician to sound off and then we can start.

sound off quarters бить отбой

spark off вспыхивать вызывать (вспышку, взрыв)
	Some hot ash fell into the box of matches and sparked off the whole lot.

spark off вызывать, порождать
	It would not take more than one careless remark to spark off violence in the crowd.

spiel off быстро выпалить
	The child can spiel off the names of all the Presidents but does he really understand his country's history?

spin off выйти из штопора

spin off развиваться из чего-л.
	Many new things found useful in the home have spun off from the machinery of space travel.

split off откалывать(ся), отделять
	The box is made so that you can split off the handle.

sponge off чистить губкой

square off принять боевую стойку (в боксе)
	The two brothers are squaring off I think they're realty determined to fight this time!

square off приготовиться к нападению или к защите

square off приводить в порядок
	Square those papers off the director's coming.

stand off держаться на расстоянии от
	We stood off 500 of the enemy forces for nine days

stand off отстранить, уволить (на время) 300 workers at the car factory were stood off when there was a lack of steel

stand off удаляться от берега
	Three battleships were kept standing off as a silent threat to the island people.

start off (for/on) начинать, путешествие
	The children were always excited to start off on a camping trip

start off начинать говорить
	The chairman started off by attacking the first speaker.

stave off предотвратить или отсрочить (бедствие)
	We need another highly skilled player to stave off defeat for our team

stave off отбросить (противника)
	She was so beautiful that she had difficulty staving off all the men who wanted to marry her.

stay off избегать
	The doctor advised Jim to stay off fattening foods

stay off не посещать
	Jane should stay off school until her stomach trouble is really better.

step off сходить

step off сделать ошибку

step off мерить шагами
	Step off ten feet and then place a marker in the ground

step off начать маршировать
	The men stepped off in good spirits.

stop off зайти
	Do stop off on your way home and have a cup of tea with me

stop off остановиться в пути сделать остановку
	I'd like to stop off for a few days while I'm in the North to see something of the country

stop off не посещать
	Jane should stop off school until her stomach trouble is really better.

straight off сразу не обдумав

strain off отцеживать
	Strain the fat away before you serve the soup.

strike off отрубать (ударом меча, топора)
	The king's head was struck off while the crowd cheered

strike off вычеркивать
	Strike off her name I refuse to have her as a guest!

strike off вычитать (из счета)

strike off делать что-л. быстро и энергично

strike off отпечатывать
	How many copies of this article do you want struck off?

strike off записывать четко и быстро
	This reporter has the ability to strike off a good description of the scene he is covering.

strike off the rolls лишать адвоката права практики

strip off сдирать, соскабливать
	These fruit knives are very good for stripping apple skins off

strip off ругать
	Jim got stripped off for being late for work again.

swear off давать зарок
	to swear off drink дать зарок не пить

sweat off потерять вес пропотев
	In the steam bath he sweated off two pounds in an hour.

swish off скашивать, сбивать со свистом
	Ask the boy to stop swishing the flower heads off with his stick.

switch off выключать ток

switch off разъединять телефонного абонента

switch off давать отбой

switch off выключать радиоприемник
	Why did you switch off the radio? I was enjoying the music.

switch off заставить, замолчать
	Once he starts telling his favourite adventures it's impossible to switch him off

switch off (заставить) потерять интерес
	Dull subjects like this are enough to switch any student off.

tail off пуститься наутёк

tail off истощаться, подходить к концу
	Your work has been tailing off this year.

tail off исчезать, замолкать, убывать

take off убирать, уносить, снимать
	to take everything off всё убрать

take off поднимать, снимать
	

take off снимать, сбрасывать

take off one's clothes раздеваться

take off one's coat снимать пальто

take off уменьшать(ся), потерять (в весе), прекращаться
	he took off weight every day он сбавлял в весе каждый день
	to take three points off the total score снять три очка с общего счёта
	the wind is taking off ветер стихает

take off ослаблять, отпускать
	to take off the brake отпускать тормоз

take off сбавлять, снижать (цену)
	to take 3 shillings off the price of smth. снизить цену на что-л. на три шиллинга

take off уничтожать, убивать
	the plague took off her parents её родители погибли от чумы
	a strong cup of tea takes off the weariness чашка крепкого чаю снимает усталость

take off подражать, пародировать

take off взлететь
	

take off срываться (с места)

take off пускаться наутёк

take off вычитать

take off удалять

take off a leg ампутировать ногу

take off уводить, увозить
	he took me off to the garden он увёл меня в сад

take off уходить
	take yourself off! уходи!

take off начинать
	he took off from here он начал с этого места

take off отскакивать
	the ball took off from the post мяч отскочил от штанги

take off брать начало, ответвляться
	the river takes off from this lake река вытекает из этого озера

take off ответвлять
	The current took off from the main line.

take off пить залпом, глотать

take off грабить

take off отвлекать
	His girlfriend always takes him off his work.

take off избавлять
	He took the responsibility off me.

take off отстранять
	He was taken off the job 

take off вычёркивать
	I took him off the list of guests.

take off сбивать
	The waves took me off my feet.

taper off уменьшать, сокращать

tear off отрывать
	I tear off a leaf in the calendar every day.

tear off срывать
	She torn off her clothes.

tear off быстро сделать


tee off начинать, делать первый шаг
	She teed off a course on Shakespeare.

tee off разъярить, вывести из себя

tell off отсчитывать, отбирать (для определенного задания)
	six of us were told off to get fuel шестеро из нас были отряжены за топливом

tell off производить строевой расчет

tell off выругать, отделать (кого-л.)

the off season мертвый сезон

thin off стачивать, заострять, затачивать

thin off сокращаться редеть

throw off отбрасывать снимать
	She threw off her clothes.

throw off свергать
	

throw off отделываться, избавляться
	He threw off his illness.

throw off извергать выделять выпускать

throw off легко и быстро сочинить (какое-л. произведение)
	She quickly threw off a post.

throw off вычитать, сбрасывать со счетов

throw off sport выбивать

throw off спускать (собак)

throw off начинать (что-л.)

throw off печатать, отпечатывать

throw off the mask сбросить личину

tick off отмечать галочкой
	I need to tick off the items on a list. Tick off the names of the members as they vote.

tick off быстро сказать, отбарабанить

tick off бранить, пробирать, давать нагоняй

tick off выводить из себя раздражать сердить
	Her rudeness really ticked me off.

tip off наливать из сосуда

top off заканчивать, завершать

top off праздновать, отмечать завершение (чего-л.)

top off заканчиваться, прекращаться

top off пополнять запас до нормы, дозаправлять

top off дозаряжать, перезаряжать
	I need to top off the battery.

top off отделывать, украшать

top off удалять ботву

toss off сделать наспех

toss off выпить залпом
	to toss off a drink выпить одним глотком

toss off бегло просмотреть
	He always likes to toss off half a dozen papers with one's morning coffee.

toss off посылать
	The singer tosses off farewells.

touch off быстро набросать, передать сходство

touch off выпалить (из пушки)

touch off дать отбой (по телефону)

touch off вызвать (спор)

touch off передать эстафету в беге

towel off вытирать(ся) полотенцем

trade off сбывать
	We need to trade off old goods.

trade off меняться местами

trade off попеременно использовать

trail off умолкать, замирать (о звуке)

trail off сходить на нет

trigger off вызывать
	A spark triggered the explosion. They triggered off war. A fire triggered rain.
	

trim off подрезать, подстригать, подравнивать

troop off удаляться

troop off спешно выступать

trot off удалиться рысью

tumble off упасть, свалиться
	He tumbled off a horse.

turn off сворачивать (на другую дорогу)

turn off сворачивать, ответвляться (о дороге)

turn off выключать

turn off выгонять, увольнять
	Our company will turn off workmen soon.

turn off отделываться (от чего-л.)

turn off отводить, отклонять
	Do you want to turn off a question?

turn off отвлекать внимание

turn off быстро сделать что-л.

turn off отпускать (шутку, комплимент)

turn off потерять вкус интерес (к чему-л.)

turn off отбить охоту (к чему-л.), разочаровать (кого-л.)

turn off наскучить (кому-л.), отвратить от себя

turn off портиться (о пище)

turn off вянуть и опадать (о листьях)

turn off повесить

twist off отламывать, откручивать

twitch off сдергивать

wait off sport приберегать силы к концу состязания

walk off уходить
	We said goodbye then he turned and walked off without another word.

walk off уводить

walk off (with) унести, украсть
	Someone got in and walked off with the jewels while we were out.

walk off (with) одержать легкую победу
	Jim walks off with the top prize every year it hardly seems fair to the others.

wall off отгораживать, воздвигать барьеры
	The conquering nation has now walled off its part of the city so that people cannot move freely from side to side.

wall off разделять как стеной (о недоверии)

waltz off (with) легко выиграть
	Don't tell me Jim has waltzed off with the top prize as usual!

waltz off (with) уводить кого-л.
	And then do you know what he did? Waltzed off with his teacher's wife!

want off хотеть выйти (из автомобиля)
	I must ring the bell I want off at the next stop.

ward off отражать, отвращать (удар, опасность)
	The fighter had to ward off a dangerous blow.

ward off держать кого-л. на расстоянии
	She was so beautiful that she had difficulty in warding off all the men who wanted to marry her.

wave off отмахиваться
	
wear off стирать(ся)

wear off смягчаться, проходить
	The effect of the medicine will wear off in a few hours.

wedge off расталкивать

whip off сбросить, сдернуть

whip off убежать

whip off выгнать плетью

wind off разматывать(ся)

wipe off стирать, вытирать 

be worse off оказаться в более затруднительном положении

write off писать с легкостью

write off написать и отослать письмо

write off списывать со счета вычеркивать аннулировать (долг)

write off сбрасывать со счетов, не принимать во внимание

yank off вытащить

yank off вытолкать
	Some men came into the house and yanked him off I don't know where.

yell off кричать

zoom off сматываться

