act on impulse поддаваться порыву

act on the offensive наступать

attempt on smb.'s life покушение на чью-л. жизнь

backtrack on one's views отречься от своих взглядов

balloon on bearings привязной аэростат наблюдения

bang on ударить(ся), стукнуть(ся)
	I banged on the door until she let me in.

bank on полагаться на кого-л.
	I'd like to come with you but that's not a promise don't bank on it. Don't bank on going abroad this summer we may not have enough money. Don't bank on your relatives to help you out of trouble. Don't bank on the weather being fine for your garden party.

bargain on рассчитывать на кого-л. что-л.
	I'm bargaining on your help to drive us to the airport. Don't bargain on getting any support from her she's very selfish. I wouldn't bargain on the speaker arriving soon as he's got a long way to come.

base on базировать, основывать
	One should always base one's opinion on facts.

batten on наживаться за счёт других
	It's not fair to batten on your relatives.

battle on продолжать сражаться
	The opposing armies battled on until night. Women must battle on until they have gained equality.

be on происходить
	This magazine tells us what's on in town this week is the wedding still on? Is there a case on in the Central Criminal Court?

be on идти (о спектакле)
	W hat is on at the Bolshoi Theatre today? Что идет в Большом театре сегодня?

be on быть на службе
	Two firemen must be on from midnight to 6 o'clock.

be on соглашаться принять участие в чем-л.
	When Father suggested a visit to the island Jane said "I'm on!"

be on регулярно принимать лекарство
	Mother has been on that medicine for months and it doesn't seem to do her any good. I've been on this treatment for some weeks and I must say I do feel better

be on (о деньгах) поставить на кого-л. что-л.
	My money's on Sim is yours? Our money's on Northern Dancer to win the third race.

be on быть заплаченным за кого-л.
	Put your money away this meal is on me.

be on (one's)
	guard быть настороже

be on a bender быть пьяным

be on a journey путешествовать

be on about долго говорить на какую-л. тему
	Is she still talking? What's she on about this time?

be on at ругать, настойчиво просить что-л.
	She's always on at the children for one thing or another. Mother's always on at me to keep my room tidy.

be on one's back лежать (больным) в постели

be on overtime работать сверхурочно

be on sale продаваться

be on the beach разориться оказаться в тяжелом положении на мели

be on the beachбыть в отставке

be on the beam быть на правильном пути

be on the beat совершать обход обходить дозором

be on the point (of doing smth.) собираться сделать что-л.

be on the road быть на гастролях в турне

be on the run отступать бежать
	We have the enemy on the run.

be on the safe side на всякий случай, для большей верности

be on the shelf быть изъятым из употребления

be on the shelf быть отстраненным от дел (за ненадобностью)

be on the shelf остаться в девицах

be on the track of преследовать

be on the track of напасть на след

be on the trail of выслеживать (кого-л.)

be on the war-path вести войну, рваться в бой

be on the watch (for) подкарауливать, поджидать

be on the water-waggon воздерживаться от спиртных напитков

be on wires быть в состоянии нервного возбуждения

be on with начинать с чего-л.
	Be off with the old love before you are on with the new.

bear on касаться иметь отношение к чему-л.
	How does your story bear on this case?

bear on плохо влиять
	The rise in the cost of living bears hard on old people living on fixed incomes.

beat on громко стучать во что-л.
	The visitors beat at the door until he answered.

beer on draught пиво из бочки

beggar on horseback выскочка

bet on быть абсолютно уверенным в чем-л.
	You can't bet on the weather in England. I think it's safe but don't bet on it. Don't bet on getting file job. We daren't bet on the train arriving on time.

bite on работать над чем-л.
	Jim likes to have some difficult question to bite on.

blow on портить что-л.
	He used to have a good name but it has been blown upon recently.

blunder on случайно натолкнуться на что-л.

border on быть похожим на что-л.
	Your remarks border on rudeness.

breathe on запятнать чью-л. репутацию чернить клеветать
	He used to have a good name but it has been breathed upon recently.

bring on приносить приводить
	The waiter brought the next dish on. Bring on the dancing girls! The next player was brought on just before play ended for the day.

bring on навлекать вызывать
	The sudden cold weather brought on his fever again.

bring on развивать улучшать
	This warm weather should bring on the crops. More study should bring on your English. More study should bring you on in your English.

browse on объедать ощипывать листья молодые побеги
	Many animals like to browse on leaves.

build on пристраивать
	We built the house on our own land.

build on рассчитывать на что-л. на кого-л.
	I'd like to come with you but that's not a promise don't build on it. Don't build on going abroad this summer we may not have enough money.

build on основывать что-л. на чем-л
	Don't build your hopes on the chairman's promises. The insurance business is built on trust.

built on sand построенный на песке непрочный

burst on спешно прерывать кого-л.
	We were having a nice quiet meal outdoors when the boys burst upon the scene shouting and fooling about.

burst on неожиданно открывать обнаруживать что-л.
	In the middle of his tests the scientist burst on the truth.

burst on неожиданно становиться известным
	Just then the meaning of what had been said burst upon him and he knew that he had been right.

buy on tick покупать в кредит

calculate on зависеть от чего-л. рассчитывать на что-л.
	I'd like to come with you but that's not a promise don't calculate on it. Don't calculate on going abroad this summer we may not have enough money. Don't calculate on the weather being fine for your garden party.

call on взывать, апеллировать

call on приглашать высказаться
	The chairman called on the next speaker.

call on звонить по телефону кому-л.

call on посещать кого-л. официально
	Permit me to call on you next Tuesday afternoon. The salesman calls on the firm twice a month.

capitalize on извлекать выгоду из чего-л.
	You should capitalize on every chance you get to improve your English. The firm was able to capitalize on the mistakes made by its competitors.

carry on продолжать вести (дело)
	He carried on hostile acts.

carry on вести себя запальчиво
	Don't carry on so!

carry on продолжать(ся) (о тексте)
	You'll have to carry that long word on to the next line. Don't stop reading there the poem carries on over the page.

carry on возобновлять(ся)
	Don't let me interrupt you just carry on. We must try to carry on as if nothing had happened. Carry on men! Carry on the good work! I shall try to carry on the work in spite of difficulties. We must carry on hoping for the best.

carry on злиться на кого-л.
	The people upstairs were carrying on again last night they had me quite worried. Our neighbour is always carrying on at her children.

carry on traffic вести торговлю

carry on with иметь любовную связь
	The director has been carrying on with his secretary.

cash on delivery наложенным платежом с уплатой при доставке

cast on набирать (петли в вязанье)
	Cast on seventy-six stitches and work two inches of plain stitch. I'll start cooking the dinner as soon as I've finished casting on.

cheat on изменять (супругу)
	Have you been cheating on me while I've been away?

cheat on smb. вести себя нечестно

check on начинать работу
	Most of the workers checked on before 8.30 this morning.

cheer on ободрять
	Please come to the sports meeting to cheer our team on.

climb on band-wagon примазаться к победившей партии

clock on начинать работу (особенно в установленное время)
	Most of the workers clocked on before 8.30 this morning.

close on почти приблизительно

come on приближаться, налететь, разразиться 
	A storm is coming on.

come on появляться (на сцене)
	The next player came on. When does the great actor come on?

come on натыкаться, наскакивать, поражать (о болезни)

come on расти

come on преуспевать, делать успехи

come on наступать, нападать

come on рассматриваться (в суде)

come on возникать (о вопросе)

come on следовать за кем-л.
	I'll go ahead and you come on later. The teacher went by train to his new job and the family came on by bus.

come on включаться (о механизмах)
	Just as I entered the house all the lights came on.

come on спешить
	Come on children or we'll be late!

come on выражение недоверия
	Oh come on! I know better than that!

cotton on (to) сдружиться с кем-л.

cotton on понимать
	He had been speaking for half an hour before I cottoned on. Did you cotton on to what the politician was saying?

count on рассчитывать на что-л. на кого-л.
	You can always count on Jim he'll never fail you. I'd like to come with you but that's not a promise don't count on it.

creep on накапливаться постепенно увеличиваться
	Old age creeps on without being noticed. Time is creeping on and we have done so little!

crowd on форсировать паруса
	The captain ordered his men to crowd on more sail.

decide on выбрать
	she decided on the green hat она выбрала зеленую шляпу

doctor on duty дежурный врач

drag on продолжать все то же скучно тянуться
	The writer dragged on an unhappy existence for many years until in the end she killed herself.

draw on натягивать надевать (перчатки)
	Help me to draw on these boots they're very light.

draw on подбадривать, обнадеживать
	Her refusal only drew her lover on. They drew the poor child on with false promises.

draw on наступать, приближаться
	autumn is drawing on осень приближается

draw on черпать заимствовать

draw on использовать
	I shall have to draw on the money I have saved to pay for the holiday. A writer has to draw on his imagination and experience.

draw on поравняться
	Black Prince is beginning to draw on the leading horse.

drop on снижение по сравнению с чем-л.

drop on сделать выговор, наказать
	Why drop on me? It's not my fault.

drop on случайно найти
	We dropped on the perfect house after searching for weeks.

drop on выбирать кого-л.
	Why does he always drop on me for the worst jobs? The examiners can drop on any student to answer questions.

drop on неожиданно зайти к кому-л.
	Let's drop on Jim and Mary and surprise them.

dump on обманывать извлекать выгоду
	I've been dumped on too often I don't make the mistake of trusting people too far. I've had all this work dumped on me.

dwell on a note выдерживать ноту

edge on подстрекать

fall on нападать набрасываться
	The hungry children fell on the food. The soldiers fell on the enemy.

fall on выпадать на чью-л. долю
	It falls on me to thank our chairman for his speech.

fall on приступать к чему-л.
	He fell on the new idea and in the course of time wrote an important book about it.

fall on достигать
	Sunlight fell on the water making it shine.

fall on приходиться на какое-л. число
	Christmas Day falls on a Thursday this year. My birthday falls on a Sunday.

fatten on наживаться за счет кого-л.
	For years the directors have been fattening on the efforts of the workers.

feed on питать(ся) чем-л.
	These bears feed on the leaves of this special tree.

feed on принимать, получать удовлетворение от чего-л.
	The singer feeds on admiration from the public.

figure on рассчитывать на, делать расчеты
	You can't figure on the results of the election.

figure on намереваться
	Do you figure on staying long in this city?

figure on ожидать
	If you figure on success you stand a better chance of winning. I always figure on succeeding.

fit on примерять, пригонять
	My dressmaker has asked me to fit on the new suit tomorrow.

fix on выбрать, остановиться на чем-л.
	Have you two fixed on a date for the wedding yet? We should fix on a place to stay before we leave home. We've fixed on starting tomorrow. Have you fixed on where to go yet?

fix on сосредоточить(ся)
	Fix your eyes on the road and we'll be much safer. It's difficult to fix my mind on what I'm doing. Please fix your thoughts on where we're going or we shall get lost.

fling on набрасывать
	She fling her clothes on.

follow on продолжать (пре)следовать
	You go ahead and we'll follow on. The next part of the play follows on from the discovery of the murder in the first act.

follow on быть результатом
	If you don't keep your accounts straight serious debt could follow on.

freeze on (to) крепко ухватиться, вцепиться

freeze on привязаться к кому-л.

frown on осуждать
	The government frowns on any waste of taxpayers' money.

fudge on отказываться дать прямой ответ
	The board of directors has been fudging on the question of pay increases for the workers.

gain on нагонять
	The second horse is gaining on the leader and may pass it and win!

gain on вторгаться захватывать постепенно часть суши (о море)
	The sea has been gaining on the east coast of England for many years.

gain on добиться (чьего-л. расположения)

gamble on ставить на что-л. кого-л.
	Are you going to gamble on the result of the fight? He gambles most of his income on the horses.

gamble on быть уверенным
	You can't gamble on the weather in England.

gape on смотреть в изумлении на что-л.

get on делать успехи, преуспевать
	how is he getting on? как (идут) его дела?

get on стареть

get on приближаться (о времени)
	it is getting on for supper-time время близится к ужину

get on надевать
	Get your coat on quickly the taxi's waiting.

get on садиться (на лошадь)
	Don't be afraid of the horse get on!

get on with уживаться ладить
	How are you and your new neighbour getting on? Does she get on well with your aunt?

get on продолжать
	Let's get on with the meeting.

get on спешить с чем-л.
	Get on we shall miss the train at this rate. Get on with it we've a train to catch!

get on one's nerves раздражать

get on the ball! скорей! живей! пошевеливайся!

get on the trail напасть на след

give on gage отдавать в залог

go on (упорно) продолжать идти дальше
	The police examined the cars and then allowed them to go on.

go on длиться
	for going on a year в течение года

go on придираться, спорить

go on вести себя
	Now that our quarrel is over can we go on as we did before? I can't go on like this I've got to get help.

go on продолжать что-л.
	Do go on I am listening. When you've finished those questions go on to page 41. Why have you stopped? Go on with your work!

go on спешить
	Go on! There isn't a moment to lose!

go on продолжать разговор
	How she does go on? Don 't keep going on so we've all heard your story before.

go on иметь место случаться
	There's a wedding going on at the church. A crowd gathered to see what was going on.

go on выключаться (об электричестве)
	The street lights go on when it gets dark and go off at midnight.

go on развиваться
	How is your work going on? It's going on nicely thank you.

go on поддерживать дружеские отношения с кем-л.
	We all go on well with each other here in the school.

go on выходить на сцену или спортивную площадку
	I was so nervous when I went on.

go on a bat гулять, кутить

go on a bender кутить, загулять

go on a journey путешествовать

go on for приближаться к (о времени возрасте)

go on the binge кутить, пьянствовать

go on the land стать фермером

go on the road отправиться в турне

go on the war-path вести войну, рваться в бой

go on wheels идти как по маслу

grow on овладевать
	A habit that grows on me.

grow on нравиться все больше
	This place grows on me.

hand on передавать, пересылать
	The precious flame representing the spirit of the Games is handed on from runner to runner all the way from the original fire on the ancient mountain to the place where the Games are being held on this occasion.

hand on передавать по наследству
	Their custom has been handed on  to  us  by  our great-grandfathers. The possession of language enables man to hand on his wisdom and experience to his children and grandchildren.

hand on передавать полномочия
	The time has come for me to hand on the chairmanship to a younger person.

hand on the lamp не давать угаснуть, передавать знания, традиции

have on быть одетым в
	He has on a hat and she has on an overcoat.

have on обманывать, надувать
	I know you're only joking you're having me on again!

have on включать
	While I have the iron on I'll just finish those handker-chieves.

help on помогать продвигать (дело)
	Help me on with my overcoat.

hit on случайно обнаружить
	I hope that after all these talks someone will hit on a way out of our difficulty. How did you hit on the right answer so quickly.

hold on держаться за что-л.
	If a branch is near you hold on until we can get a rope.

hold on продолжать делать что-л. упорствовать в чем-л.
	Painting the house is tiring but if you hold on the results are worth the effort.

hold on hold on a minute! остановись на минутку!

hold on ждать у телефона
	Hold on I shan't be a minute.

hook on зависеть
	The actor's mother got hooked on a pain-killing drug that she had been given in hospital.

hook on влюбиться
	I'm afraid Grace is realty hooked on that red-haired boy.

hot on the traces of по (чьим-л.) горячим следам

jump on вспрыгнуть, вскочить
	He jumped on to a chair.

jump on неожиданно набрасываться на кого-л.
	The captain was well-known for jumping on men whom he disliked for the least little fault.

keep on продолжать (делать что-л.)
	She keeps on reading and he keeps on fire.

keep on сохранять в прежнем положении
	He was kept on at his old job.

keep on не снимать оставлять
	to keep on one's hat не снимать шляпы

keep on оставлять включенным (электричество)
	There is no need for tall office buildings to keep their lights on all night when the government has asked every one to save power.

keep on продолжать путешествие
	Turn left at the comer and keep on as far as the church. Keep right on to the end of the road.

keep on продолжать действовать, упорствовать
	Even if you fail the examination again you must try to keep on until you pass. Keep on with your studies however hard it sometimes seems.

keep on продлить аренду
	I'll keep the flat on through the summer so as to have it ready when we come back. I'd like to keep this car on for another week if that's possible.

keep on распространяться
	Don't keep on so it'll only make you worry more. The teacher kept on and on about good behaviour as usual.

keep on at/onto ругать
	She keeps on at the children all day about one thing or another.

land on наговаривать обвинять
	I'm not guilty of the crime so there's no point in landing on me. The police tried to land the blame on me but it was useless as I was not guilty.

land on ругать
	The director landed on Jim as soon as he came in for being late again.

land on спихивать на кого-л.
	Don't try to land your dirty work on me! I had three of our neighbours' children landed on me for the whole afternoon.

latch on понимать
	Would you mind repeating that I didn't quite latch.

latch on присоединяться к кому-л. без приглашения
	The party of climbers was all organized when this other man latched on and demanded to come with us.

later on после, как-нибудь потом

launch on начинать
	The opposition speaker launched a bitter attack to the government's mishandling of the taxpayer's money.

launch on предлагать, представлять
	The musical theatre company is about to launch a new performer on the musical world. The firm is almost ready to launch its new product on the market.

launch on браться за что-л. (новое)
	The director has launched (out) on yet another plan for cutting costs.

lay on the shelf сдавать в архив

lead on завлекать, увлекать

lead on вовлекать (во что-л. плохое)
	The boy claimed that he had been led on by his criminal companions.

lead on обманывать
	Advertisements for houses for sale often lead buyers on with misleading descriptions.

lead on a leash вести на поводке

lean on зависеть
	You have to make your own way in the world and not lean on your father for the rest of your life.

lean on припугнуть
	We might have to lean on Jim a little to make him tell us where the jewels are hidden.

lie on oars сушить весла, почить на лаврах

live on продолжать жить
	The baby lived on for a week after its mother died.

live on находить достаточно пищи/дохода в чем-л.
	I'm afraid that she will not be able to live on her writing.

log on начинать работу (о вычислительных машинах)

look on наблюдать (вместо того чтобы делать)
	Two men stole the jewels while a large crowd looked on.

make on получить выгоду
	How much did you make on the house when you sold it?

march on продвигаться вперед

mould on формировать по образцу чего-л.

move on пройти идти дальше

move on переходить (к чему-л. новому)
	Let's move on to the business of the meeting. I think we've talked enough about that subject let's move on.

muddle on действовать наобум без плана

nail on прибивать (to)
	I can't get this lid off it seems to be nailed on.

nip on ahead стараться перегнать

nip on ahead забегать вперед

nose on доносить

open on выходить открываться на

orders on hand econ. портфель заказов

pass on проходить дальше
	He stopped for a moment and then passed on.

pass on переходить (к другому вопросу)
	Let's pass on to the urgent business of the meeting.

pass on передавать дальше
	The secret word is "sugar": pass it on. He tried to pass the job on to me but I soon got rid of it.

pass on умереть
	I'm sorry to hear that your favourite uncle passed on last week.

pass on выносить (решение)
	Before I pass sentence on you have you anything to say for yourself?

pass on передавать, оставлять (по наследству)
	This ring has been passed on in my family from mother to daughter.

pass on переходить от старшего к младшему (об одежде)
	The girl was ashamed of wearing clothes that had been passed on by her elder sister.

pass on the lamp передавать знания, традиции

pass on the torch передавать знания, традиции

payable on demand подлежащий оплате по предъявлении

person on remand подследственный

piece on прилаживать
	He likes to piece one thing on to another.

piece on присоединяться сочетаться
	That story doesn't piece on to the facts.

pin on возлагать (ответственность, вину)
	Why are you trying to pin the blame on me? He tried to pin the crime on his companions.

pin on возлагать надежду, доверять
	Many parents pin their hopes on their children. It's unwise to pin your faith on any system of government.

plant on подсовывать сбывать

play on words игра слов, каламбур

pop on быстро надеть, накинуть, нахлобучить

pop on быстро начать готовить (какую-л. еду)
	You run ahead and pop the water on for the tea.

press on спешить активно продолжать (работу)
	We must press on with the work if we are to finish it in time.

press on давить (на кого-л. что-л.)
	The weight of the sleeping child's body was pressing on me.

press on тревожить, удручать
	Steadily rising prices press most heavily on the poor.

press on навязывать
	Teachers are not allowed to press their political views on the children.

prisoner on bail подсудимый отпущенный на поруки

pull on натягивать
	Help me to pull on these boots.

pull on дергать тянуть
	Pull on that bell rope and a servant will come. Stop pulling on my skirt.

pull on затягиваться (сигаретой)
	Harold pulled (away)
	on his pipe while he considered what decision to make.

push on спешить
	We must push on with the work if we are to finish it in time.

push on проталкивать, ускорять
	He pushed things on.

push on побуждать, заставлять
	All her life she had been pushed on by her family to be a singer.

put on надевать
	He put his coat on hurriedly and ran out of the house.

put on принимать вид, прикидываться 
	He put on a pretence of bravery but we all knew that it was false. His modesty is all put on.
	
put on airs and graces манерничать, важничать

put on an act ломаться, разыгрывать комедию

put on a brave face храбриться

put on ставить (на сцене)
	Which play is the Theatre Group putting on next?

put on ставить (на лошадь)
	How much are you prepared to put on this horse? He put all his possessions on the result of the card game.

put on облагать (налогом)
	The government has put yet another tax on cigarettes.

put on возлагать
	Why are you trying to put the blame on me?

put on прибавлять, увеличивать, преувеличивать
	If I put on another inch I will not be able to wear this dress.
	
put on pace прибавлять шагу
	The train put on speed.

put on передвигать вперед (стрелки часов)
	I must put my watch on three minutes it's running slow.

put on запускать включать приводить в действие
	Please put the light on it's getting dark.

put on подшучивать (над кем-л.) ставить (кого-л.) в смешное положение
	I don't believe you you're just putting me on!

put on a mask притворяться скрывать свои истинные намерения

put on flesh полнеть

put on oath привести (кого-л.) к присяге
	on my oath! клянусь! честное слово!

put on the shelf сдавать в архив класть под сукно

rattle on двигаться с грохотом без остановки (об автомобиле)
	I believe that old car would rattle on even if the engine fell out.

rattle on болтать, трещать без умолку
	At every meeting of the women's club Mrs White rattles on for hours.

reckon on полагаться (на кого-л. что-л.)
	You can always reckon on Jim he'll never fail you.

reflect on бросать тень, подвергать сомнению
	It reflects upon your sincerity.
	
remark on высказывать мнение высказываться (о чем-л.)
	The variety of styles of building in our city is often remarked upon by visitors.

repose on one's laurels почить на лаврах

resolve on твердо решить (сделать что-л.) решиться (на что-л.)
	Success is gained by resolving on winning. I am resolved on leaving this country.

rest on oars сушить весла
	fig. бездействовать почить на лаврах

rest on one's laurels почить на лаврах

retire on one's laurels почить на лаврах

ride on держаться, быть поддерживаемым
	As a politician he rode on great popularity for some years but then lost favour with the public.

ride on делать ставку (на лошадь)
	How much money was riding on the winning horse?

ride on a rail вывалять в дегте и перьях и вывезти из города

roll on проходить (о времени)
	The weeks rolled on but there was still no improvement in his health.

run on натолкнуть(ся), наскочить на что-л.
	The boat ran on the racks. Take cure not to run the boat on the racks.

run on продолжать(ся), тянуть(ся), говорить без остановки
	Their talks ran on for hours. The teacher ran on and on about good behaviour.

run on лететь, протекать (о времени)
	Months ran on and still there was no letter.

run on включать дополнительно (слова)
	Instead of making a break here I want you to run the next sentence on.

run on касаться (темы), вращаться (вокруг темы)
	His thoughts ran upon the happy times that he had spent there.

run on писаться слитно (о буквах)

sell on уговорить, уломать
	couldn't I sell you on one more coffee? неужели вы не выпьете еще чашку кофе? Is the director completely sold on the idea of combining the two firms?

serve on быть членом
	I've been asked to serve on yet another committee.

shame on you! как вам не стыдно!

shed on ронять проливать (слезы волосы) на (что-л.)
	Look you're shedding tears on my best coat!

shed on проливать свет на
	Can you shed any light on the mysterious disappearance of this papers?

shop on донести (на кого-л.) в полицию
	Never shop on your friends.

shove on спешить
	We must shove on with the work if we are to finish it in time.

shove on проталкивать, ускорять
	to shove things on ускорять ход событий

shove on побуждать, заставлять
	All her life she had been shoved on by her family to be a singer.

shuffle on накинуть (одежду)

sign on подписать контракт
	If you join the army you have to sign on for at least three years.

sign on нанимать на работу
	We have been lucky to sign on so many experienced workers.

sign on записываться, регистрироваться
	How long have you been signing on?

sit on быть членом (комиссии)
	Please don't ask me to sit on any more committees this year

sit on разбирать (дело)
	The police are still sitting on the mystery of the stolen jewels.

sit on осадить, выбранить
	That boy will have to be sat on hard he can't be allowed to behave like that.

sit on скрывать, засекречивать
	We'd better sit on the jewels for several months until it's safe to try to sell them.

sit on тянуть с ответом, оттягивать (решение)
	The shop has been sitting on my complaint for more than a month.

slam on торопливо надвинуть, нахлобучить
	He slammed on his hat and ran out of the house.

slam on нажать резко, торопливо
	The driver slammed on the brakes but failed to stop in time.

slap on надвинуть, нахлобучить
	He slapped his hat on (his head)
	and ran out of the house.

slap on намазать (краской)
	The paint has just been slapped on!

slap on набавлять, прибавлять
	The government had slapped another 5% on cigarettes.

slip on накинуть, надеть
	He stopped only long enough to slip a coat on.

smear on наносить толстым слоем
	The murderer smeared blood on the face of the man so that he would seem guilty.

smile on одобрять
	Fortune has smiled on him from his birth. Счастье улыбалось ему с колыбели. The weather smiled on us: it was a fine day.

smite on биться, ударяться
	The noise of the guns smote on our ears with unbearable force. I smote on the door more loudly to see if anyone was there.

snap on (неожиданно) включать (свет)
	The policeman snapped the light on and caught the thief stealing the jewels.

soldier on продолжать несмотря на трудности
	It's not easy to soldier on when all you seem to meet is failure and defeat.

spit on проявлять враждебность к кому-л.
	Sir I spit on your army it is not fit to waste bullets on.

sponge on жить на чужой счет
	I didn't mind giving the boy an occasional meal but before I knew what had happened he had moved in and sponged on us for over two weeks!

spring on неожиданно сообщать
	Pease don't spring decisions like that on me without warning me.

stamp on подавлять, уничтожать
	The students' suggestion must be stamped on before it becomes a threat.

stand on зависеть от чего-л.

stand on идти прежним курсом
	We stood on for the next hour while the wind was in our favour

stand on точно соблюдать (условности)
	I stand on my rights in this matter and will take the matter to court if necessary

stand on продолжать настаивать на истинности чего-л.
	Do you still stand on your original story?

start on начинать работу над чем-л.
	He's a very busy lawyer and has already started on another case

start on набрасываться на кого-л. со словами
	Don't start on me! It's not my fault!

stay on продолжать, оставаться, задерживаться
	You're supposed to stop work here when you're 65 but many people are allowed to stay on.

step on наступать на ноги (в танце тж. перен.)
	I hate to be stepped on я не переношу толкотни

step on ранить (чьи-л. чувства)
	It's difficult to avoid stepping on her sensitive feelings

step on ругать
	I shall step on her very firmly if she interrupts me again.

stick on включить
	Stick the radio on will you. I want to hear the news

stick on оставаться на рабочем месте
	I don't want to stick on here for the rest of my life!

stick on добавлять
	British Rail might stick on an additional train to carry the football supporters.

stop on оставаться (в том же месте)
	I've been asked to stop on at the firm after the usual age

stop on продолжать работать (об электричестве)
	Something's wrong I switched the radio off but it stopped on!

strike on неожиданно найти
	I hope that after all these talks someone will strike on a way out of our difficulty.

switch on включать (свет радио)
	Please switch the light on it's getting dark

switch on соединять абонента

switch on становиться интересным, возбужденным
	Many young people these days are using drugs to switch on.

tack on добавлять, присоединять(ся)
	The speaker amused the crowd with some jokes tacked on to his speech.

tackle on пытаться переубедить

tag on ходить следовать по пятам
	I've got quite enough to do looking after this group without having any more children tagging along behind me.

tail on плестись в хвосте

tail on поворачиваться кормой

tail on присоединять(ся)

tail on вставать в очередь

take on принимать на службу

take on брать (работу), браться (за дело)
	He took on extra work.

take on приобретать (форму, качество)

take on брать дополнительно

take on важничать

take on иметь успех, становиться популярным
	His theory didn't take on.

take on принимать вызов
	I'll take it on!

take on полнеть

take on волноваться, расстраиваться, сердиться
	Don't take on so!

take on открыть огонь

take on брать (пассажиров)

take on lease арендовать

take on trust принимать на веру

talk on говорить (о чем-л.)
	I don't want to talk on this subject.

talk on проводить беседу

tar on натравливать

tell on ябедничать
	I was going to tell father on him.

tell on отзываться, сказываться
	Age begins to tell on him.

think on помнить
	I'll get that letter written now while I think on.

thrive on цвести, расти, разрастаться
	My children thrived on this product. He's the sort of person who thrives on hard work.

thrive on процветать, преуспевать
	he throve on trade он разбогател на торговле

throw on накинуть, надеть (пальто)

throw on подбрасывать, подбавлять
	Let's throw on coals to the fire.

thrum on бренчать
	He thrums on a guitar.

thump on стучать, колотить
	Why do you thump on the door with fists?

tie on привязывать (этикетку)

toss on набрасывать
	She toss on her bathrobe.

touch on затрагивать, касаться вкратце (вопроса)
	I have already touched on these questions.

touch on граничить с
	His actions touch on treason.

touch on влиять, оказывать влияние

touch on иметь отношение к чему-л.

touch on доходить до, достигать (о температуре)

trample on наступать, давить
	Stop trampling on flower beds!

trample on подавлять, попирать
	We will trample on ours foe!

trample on подавлять умерять не давать воли
	You should trample on your pride.

trample on пренебрегать, не считаться
	He tramples on conventions.

trespass on злоупотреблять

trespass on посягать покушаться

try on примерять (платье)
	to try on a dress примерить платье

try on пробовать, примеряться

try on пускать пробный шар, блефовать
	He's just trying it on.

turn on включать

turn on вызвать интерес, восторг, приятное волнение

turn on одурманивать наркотиками, накачиваться наркотиками

turn on сексуально возбуждать
	She was in a good shape and turned me on very much.

turn on зависеть (от)
	much turns on his answer многое зависит от его ответа

turn on the waterworks расплакаться, залиться слезами

unleash on спускать с привязи (собак)
	Go at once or I will unleash my dog on you!

unleash on дать волю, высвободить

urge on убеждать настаивать
	The teacher urged on her students the importance of passing the examination.

wager on полагаться на что-л.
	You simply can't wager on the weather in England.

wait on являться результатом
	His whole future waits on the results of the examinations. Success waits on effort

wait on obs. наносить визит
	Our representative will wait on you in the morning

walk on идти вперед

walk on продолжать ходьбу
	Let's walk on a bit further before we stop to eat.

walk on играть роль без слов
	I didn't have much to do in the play I just walked on in the second act.

walk on плохо обращаться с кем-л.
	Why do you let him walk on you like that all the time?

wave on сделать знак продолжать движение
	There were policemen at the scene of the accident but they waved us on so as to keep the traffic moving.

wear on медленно тянуться (о времени)

weather on идти с наветренной стороны

weigh on тяготить

what on earth черт возьми
	what on earth is he doing here?

whip on подстегивать

wigs on the green общая свалка, драка

wish on навязать
	We had Peter's son wished on us for the weekend.

work on the land стать фермером

yank on нажать, дернуть
	You just yank twice on the rope as a signal to be pulled up.

