average out вычислить среднее
	Let's say, you have an array of numbers. Write a script that average the array out.

babble out выболтать, проболтаться
	In his fear of the police the prisoner babbled out his guilt.
	He bubbled the secret out to his friends.

back out давать задний ход
	The opening is too narrow to turn round you'll have to back out. In her first driving lesson Jane backed the car safely out of the garage.

bail out освобождать под залог

be bailed for trial быть освобождённым под залог

bail out выручать из беды помогать
	The government cannot bail out every unprofitable company.

bail out прыгать с парашютом
	Our plane is shot down. It's time to bail out.

bail out of the difficulties выходить из затруднительного положения
	My brother always helps me to bail out of the difficulties.

bail out вычерпывать воду
	We had to bail out the boat to reach the shore safely.

balance out уравновешивать
	I hope that the figures for income and costs balance out.

bale out прыгать с парашютом
	We are on the spot. It's time to bale out.

bale out вычерпывать воду
	We had to bale out the boat to reach the shore safely.

bang out исполнять (как правило музыку) громко
	Bob is at the piano again banging out the latest popular tunes.

bang out писать что-л. в спешке
	Tom has been hard at work in his study all day banging out a new story.

bar out не давать кому-л. войти заперев двери
	The children cried when they couldn't get into the house their mother had barred them out.

bark out неожиданно выкрикивать
	The policeman barked out a warning as the gunmen appeared.

bawl out кричать выкрикивать

bawl out abuse ругаться

bawl smb. out наорать на кого-л.
	The director bawled Jim out for being late again.

be out не быть дома, в комнате

be out расцветать
	The roses should be out next week.

be out быть старомодным
	Long skirts are out one year and in the next.

be out заканчивать(ся)
	The sun will shine before the day is out.

be out совершать ошибки в чем-л.
	I was out in my calculations. No I'm sorry you're a long way out if you think that.

be out быть напечатанным, становиться известным
	it's no use trying to keep it a secret the story is out now. When will the next magazine be out?

be out отступать (о приливе)
	When the tide is out the sand stretches for a long way.

be out появляться (о луне, солнце, звездах) 
	Look the moon is out isn't it beautiful.

be out прекращать работу из-за расхождения во мнениях
	The miners will be out until their demands are met.

be out быть вынужденным покинуть группу
	If they find out what you did with the club money you'll be out on your ear! Anyone who refuses to accept the new committee is out at once.

be out не принимать во внимание
	In view of the increased cost I'm afraid a new car is out this year.

be out выпускать из тюрьмы
	When will you be out? I shan't be out for another year yet. You could be out sooner if you behave yourself.

be out быть без сознания
	When he was out for more than ten minutes we got worried. At the first blow he was out for the count. He could be hurt he's out like a light

be out выдаваться (об официальном документе)
	There's a warrant out for your brother-are you hiding him from the police?

be out не работать (обычно из-за повреждения)
	The telephones are out along most of the coast since the storm.

be out for стремиться получить
	Jane was always out for a good time.

be out from выехать, выйти
	The boat was two kilometres out from the harbour when the storm struck. Don't give the pilot the letter of instructions until you are at least two hours out from home.

be out in делать ошибки в чем-л.
	I think that the directors were out in their judgment. I was out in my calculations.

be out in force появляться в большом количестве
	Police had to be out in force in case the crowd caused any trouble.

be out in large numbers появляться в большом количестве
	Police had to be out in large numbers in case the crowd caused any trouble.

be out in strength появляться в большом количестве
	Police had to be out in strength in case the crowd caused any trouble.

be out of заканчиваться (о запасах)
	I'm sorry we're out of coffee. Have you any suggestions to make? I'm out of ideas. I'm quite out of patience with this class. No singer should ever be out of breath.

be out of освобождаться от чего-л.
	At last the firm is out of debt. The boy is never out of trouble.

be out of control выйти из подчинения

be out of one's beat быть вне привычной сферы

be out of pocket быть в убытке, потерять, прогадать

be out of pocket не иметь денег
	I am out of pocket now.

be out of the running не иметь шансов на выигрыш
	He is out of the running.

be out to всеми силами стремиться к чему-л.
	I am out to study English.

be out with smb. быть в ссоре
	She was my best friends but now I am out with her.
	
bear out подтверждать, подкреплять, поддерживать
	The prisoner's story was borne out by his wife. If I tell the judge that I wasn't there will you bear me out?

beat out выбивать
	
beat out ковать (металл)
	Our blacksmith likes to beat great things out in his forge.

beat out the meaning разъяснять значение
	Can anybody beat out the meaning of this word?

be beaten out быть в изнеможении
	He walked for 10 hours and was beaten out.

beat out плыть против ветра
	The boat beat out when the storm had passed.

bed out высаживать растения
	Will you help me bed out the plants?

beguile out of обманом заставить кого-л. сделать что-л.
	Their leaders beguiled the men into a false sense of their own power. The clever salesman beguiled the old lady out of her money.

belt out выскочить в спешке наружу
	When I opened the door the cat belted out.

bilk out обманывать
	The criminals bilked the old man out of all his money.

bind out устраивать на учебу к мастеру
	It used to be usual to bind out promising boys for many years.

black out вымарывать, запрещать
	The advertisement for the concert tells where it will take place but the date has been blacked out.

black out маскировать, затемнять
	During the war we had to black out all our windows. The stage was blacked out to hide a change of scenery.

black out засекречивать
	Reports of the peace talks have been blacked out for twenty-four hours so as to allow freer argument.

black out на мгновение терять сознание
	After the accident he blacked out and couldn't remember what happened.

black out заглушать (радиопередачу)
	Television shows were blacked out as the union trouble spread.

blank out отодвигать что-л. оставляя свободное место
	Part of the newspaper was blanked out by the government who wanted their guilt kept hidden.

blank out помутиться (о сознании), потерять память
	I blanked out this morning and couldn't remember where I was.

bleach out отбеливать(ся)
	Do you think that I shall be able to bleach the old colour out? The tablecloth has a nasty mark on it do you think it will bleach out?

block out набрасывать вчерне

block out ретушировать
	Block out the bottom of this picture when it is printed the balance of the page will be better.

block out закрывать
	The clouds have blocked out the sun.

blossom out цвести, распускаться
	The roses are blossoming out early this year.

blot out вычеркивать, стирать

blot out заглаживать
	He offended her and now he is trying to blot it out.

blot out уничтожать
	We must blot out the memory of wartime troubles.

blot out заливать чернилами
	I can't read this letter the ink has run and blotted out half the words.

blot out закрывать
	a cloud has blotted out the moon туча закрыла луну

blow out задувать, гасить, гаснуть
	The wind blew the seeds out of the plant. The chimney blew out a cloud of black smoke. As I was cleaning the cupboard a lot of feathers blew out.

blow out лопнуть (о шине)
	The heat blew out the tyre. The tyre blew out as I was driving to work.

blow out прочистить путем выдувания
	We shall have to blow the pipe out it seems to he blocked.

blow out наполнить (воздухом, едой и т.д.)
	The child blew the paper bag out and then burst it. I feel blown out after that heavy meal. Horses are blown out after a race.

blow out стихать (о порывах ветра)
	The storm blew (itself) out after three days.

blow out разрушать что-л. воздушной волной
	The bomb blew the windows out.

blow out остановить работу (об электрических механизмах)
	The damaged wire blew out the cooker. The cooker has blown out

blow out вырваться из-под контроля
	An oil well blew out in the North Sea causing a very big floating mass of oil.

blubber out говорить о чем-л. рыдая
	The prisoner at last blubbered out his guilt.

blunder out сболтнуть, сказать глупость
	The Minister has been blundering out government secrets again.

blur out стереть, изгладить

blurt out сболтнуть
	Peter blurted out the news before he considered its effect.

board out столоваться вне дома
	We'll have to board the cat out while we're away on holiday. Your family is so large that three of the children will have to board out.

boil out уваривать(ся), выпаривать(ся)
	You may want to boil out some of the stiffness. Some of the stiffness will boil out when you first wash the cloth.

bomb out разбомбить
	My aunt was bombed out during the war and had to live with my mother

boom out производить громкий глухой шум
	The horn boomed out all night to warn the ships of the dangerous mist.

boot out выгонять
	Two members were booted out (of the club) for failing to pay the money they owed.

bottle out разувериться отказаться от намеченного

bottom out находиться на самом низком уровне
	The valley bottoms out at the river.

bottom out достичь нижнего предела
	House prices bottomed out in 1974. Peter's feeling of sadness bottomed out and then he began to feel cheerful again.

bounce out выгонять кого-л.
	Two members were bounced out (of the club) for failing to pay the money they owed.

bow out кланяться тому кто выходит
	The servant bowed the guests out as they left. When leaving the presence of the princess you have to bow yourself out as you go.

bow out прекращать (соревнование)
	Jim bowed (himself) out of the competition when he learned who his opponent was. The old leader decided to bow out instead of fighting to keep his position.

bowl out выбить из строя
	The first two men were caught out and the next player was bowled out.

bowl out очень удивить кого-л.
	Your sudden news has quite bowled me out.

branch out разветвляться (о дереве)
	The young tree is beginning to branch out.

branch out расширить дело
	The bookshop has decided to branch out into selling music and records. I'm glad to see that Jim has branched out into more varied sports these days.

break out выламывать
	We had to break the door out to escape from the fire.

break out (у)бежать (из тюрьмы)
	Three men broke out of prison yesterday. I should like to break out of this meaningless way of life.

break out вспыхивать (о пожаре, войне, эпидемии)
	War broke out in 1939. Fire broke out in file hospital last night.

break out разразиться
	He broke out laughing.

break out появляться
	A rash broke out on his body.

break out открывать, развертывать
	As the Queen stepped on the shore the ship broke out the royal flag. We must break out a new case of wine for the young man's 21st birthday.

break out in покрываться (сыпью)
	Jane broke out in spots this morning.

break out in разразиться
	Mary broke out in loud laughter.

break out in break out in a cold sweat испугаться
	When I thought that no one was coming back to save me I broke out in a cold sweat.

breathe out выдыхать
	The doctor asked me to breathe in then to breathe out fully.

bring out высказывать (мнение), выявлять

bring out опубликовывать, ставить (пьесу)

bring out вывозить (девушку в свет)
	Is Mrs King-Brown bringing her daughter out this year?

bring out снять с фронта

bring out показывать
	Jane never brings out her best dishes even when guests arrive. The warm sun brought the flowers out.

bring out производить
	Tom has brought out another new book. The makers are bringing out a new kind of soap.

bring out помочь преодолеть застенчивость
	Mary is very quiet try to bring her out (of her shell)
	at the party.

bring out вызвать забастовку
	We'll bring the workers out for more pay.

bring out вывезти кого-л. в другую страну
	I had been living here for a year before I had saved enough money to bring the family out.

bring out произносить
	She was so shocked that she could hardly bring out a word.

bring out узнавать что-л. секретное
	It did not take the police long to bring out the truth.

bring out in вызывать (какое-л. состояние)
	Eating all that rich food has brought Jane out in spots as usual. Don't mention what happened last week it could bring him out in a temper.

bug out в спешке собираться и переезжать
	Is it true the whole camp is going to bug out in the morning captain?

build out пристраивать
	After raising the money the hospital was able to build out a whole new section.

bundle out спешно уходить, выгонять кого-л.
	The taxi door burst open and all the children bundled out. I shall bundle you out of here very fast if you don't leave by yourself.

burden out распространяться, простираться
	In the past 20 years the city has burgeoned out into the surrounding countryside.

burst out вспыхивать (о войне эпидемии)
	

burst out сбегать
	Three men burst out of prison yesterday.

burst out воскликнуть
	"Don't hit me!" she burst out.

burst out вырастать (из одежды)
	The children are bursting out of their clothes so quickly now.

bush out густо разрастаться
	If you don't cut off some of the branches that tree will bush out sideways.

bush out обсаживать кустарником
	The men have gone ahead to bush out a safe way across the frozen lake they can cut down some of the small trees growing on the shore and lay them on the ice to show us where to go.

bust out украситься цветами и листвой
	June is busting out all over.

bust out сбежать
	Tom have you bust out?

bust out разразится (смехом, плачем)
	The whole crowd bust out laughing.

buy out освободиться от выполнения обязательства
	Bill's parents paid a lot of money to buy him out of the army.

buy out выкупать чью-л. долю
	Mr Sharp has enough money to buy out the town.

cajole out уговаривать с помощью лести
	He cajoled a car out of his father.

call out вызывать
	The doctor has been called out every night this week. All the firemen in the city were called out to fight the big fire.

call out вызывать на дуэль
	A gentleman should call out any man who is rude to his wife.

call out выкрикивать, кричать
	Jane called out when she saw her friend across the street. Jane called out her friend's name when she saw her across the street.

call out призывать к забастовке
	The workers' leader has called all the men out for more pay.

camp out ночевать в палатках
	The children love camping out when we go on holiday.

camp out жить в течение короткого времени (с кем-л.)
	When they were first married Jim and Mary had no home of their own so they had to camp out with Mary's parents.

cancel out уравновесить, сбалансировать
	The $1 I owed him and the $1 he owes me cancel out.

cancel out свести на нет
	The poor quality of his work this year cancels out his former improvement. His good qualities and his faults cancel out.

carry out доводить до конца, выполнять, проводить
	We all have certain duties and jobs to carry out. The gunmen carried out their threat and shot the man. Every possible test was carried out to decide the nature of her illness.
	
carry out in(to) practice осуществлять, проводить в жизнь

carry out выносить (покойника)

carve out создавать в результате упорного труда
	He carved out a name for himself in the engineering business. The early settlers carved out a new nation from the wild uncultivated country.

cast out выгонять, изгонять
	In former times criminals were often cast out and had to live in the wild.

cast out извергать (пищу)

centre out отыгрываться на ком-л.
	The teacher scolded the child for bad behaviour but the child then complained that she had been centered out.

chalk out набрасывать

chalk out намечать (для выполнения)
	The general chalked out his plan for defeating the enemy.

chalk out записывать (долг)

chart out делать точный план чего-л.
	The committee is charting out the future of the organization.

cheat out of убедить обманом, выманить
	The clever salesman cheated the old lady out of giving him all her money.

check out отметиться

check out уйти в отставку

check out освободить номер в гостинице
	Has Mr Light checked out yet? Yes he left this morning.

check out умирать
	I'm afraid old Charlie has checked out.

check out подтверждаться, оправдываться
	Does his story check out?

check out соответствовать
	Look at the other list and see if the names check out.

check out заканчивать работу
	The workers in this factory check out at 5.00

check out оформить выдачу или получение чего-л.
	I'm just going to check this book out of the library.

cheque out получить по чеку

chicken out выйти из игры, пойти на попятный
	He chickened out of climbing up the tree. The boy was afraid that if he did not join the others in the crime they would say he had chickened out.

chip out вырезать

chisel out надувать, обманывать
	You mean the firm found a way to chisel you out of your overtime pay? There'll be trouble with the union now!

chuck out выставлять
	Two members were chucked out of the club for failing to pay the money they owed. A man was employed to chuck out any troublemakers.

chuck out выбрасывать
	I really must chuck out all those  old newspapers.

chuck out выгонять из дома
	The old lady was chucked out of the house because the owner wanted to pull it down.

chuck out отклонять
	The committee considered your suggestions but chucked them out because they would cost too much.

chuck out сболтнуть
	It was unfortunate that you chucked out that remark.

chuck out портить что-л.
	Our plans were chucked out by bad weather.

churn out производить большое количество
	This factory churns out lots of cars every day. Tom has been churning out crime stories for twenty years.

clamour out шумно протестовать

clap out хлопать в ладоши в такт
	The children clapped out a regular time while the teacher played the tune.

clean out очистить
	I hope you've cleaned out all those sticky old sweet papers and empty envelopes from your drawer this time.

clean out обворовать
	The thieves cleaned out the store.

clean out в спешке убегать
	The thieves took the jewels and then cleaned out.

clear out очищать

clear out разорять

clear out внезапно уехать, уйти
	'Clear out!' shouted the angry farmer to the boys in his field. The thieves took the jewels and then cleared out. The police cleared all the people out of the hotel after the bomb threat.

clear out выбрасывать
	I hope you've cleared out all those sticky old sweet papers and empty envelopes from your drawer this time.

clear out уходить из дома
	When I was eighteen I decided that it was time I cleared out.

climb out of выбираться, вылезать
	The cat fell into the hole and couldn't climb out of it.

climb out of оправдываться
	But you were seen taking the book now try to climb out of that one.

clock out заканчивать работу
	The workers in this factory clock out at 5.00.

close out сокращать цены на товары
	The store is closing out on Saturday. The store is closing out its goods on Saturday.

comb out расчесывать
	She spent hours in front of the mirror combing out her long hair.

comb out вычесывать
	She had to spend hours combing out the knots every lime she washed her hair. When the weather turns hot we help the dog to keep cool by combing out his loose hairs.

comb out отчислять
	The committee's job is to comb out those students who we not likely to succeed.

comb out производить переосвидетельствование ранее освобожденных от военной службы

comb out разыскивать
	The student spent many hours in the library combing out the facts she wanted in the old books.

come out выходить
	

come out of oneself стать менее замкнутым
	

come out появляться (в печати)
	When does Tom's new book come out? The writer's opinion comes out in the newspaper every morning.

come out дебютировать (на сцене, в обществе)
	Is Mrs King-Brown's daughter coming out this year?

come out обнаруживаться, проявляться
	the secret came out секрет раскрылся

come out распускаться (о листьях цветах)
	The flowers are coming out in everyone's gardens.

come out забастовать
	The Post Office workers have come out.

come out выводиться, сводиться (о пятнах)
	Do you think that dirty mark will come out?

come out with выступить (с заявлением, разоблачением) 
	The politician came out against the government. The speaker came out for improved rights for all women everywhere.

come out with выпалить
	Jim came out with a strange remark.

come out освобождаться (из тюрьмы)
	It's been a long year but he comes out next Friday.

come out получаться (о фотографиях)
	Mary always comes out well in her pictures. How did the photographs come out? I'm afraid our holiday photos didn't come out.

come out направляться в другую страну
	When are your family coming out to join you?

come out against выступать против
	The politician took a risk by coming out against the government's action.

come out at составлять (сумму) доходить до чего-л. достигать чего-л. равняться чему-л.
	The figures come out at 47.598.

come out for бастовать (с какой-л. целью)
	The Post Office workers have come out for more pay.

come out for поддерживать
	The speaker came out for all women everywhere.

come out from быть результатом чего-л.
	What came out from your long talks with the director?

come out in выступать, показываться
	Jane came out in spots this morning.

come out of быть результатом чего-л.
	What came out of your long talks with the director?

con out выманить у кого-л. что-л.
	The man in the train conned me into lending him some money to put into his business.

conk out испортиться, сломаться, заглохнуть (о двигателе)
	The car conked out on the way to work and I had to telephone for a repair vehicle.

conk out очень устать, заснуть, потерять сознание
	The climbers were halfway up the mountain when two of them conked out and had to turn back.

conk out умереть
	I'm afraid old Charlie has conked out.

contract out давать работу по контракту
	The city council has already contracted out the work on the new road.

contract out отказываться присоединиться (к соглашению)
	Workers are permitted to contract out of the latest old-age insurance plan.

cook out обескураживать
	Do you think you'll be able to cool the other firm out?

cop out признать себя виновным
	The younger of the thieves copped out and so they were all caught.

cop out отговориться, отвертеться, уклониться
	He said he would help us and then he copped out. You can't cop out of your responsibility to your children. You can't cop out of raising your children.

cough out отхаркивать
	Mother made the jelly with salt instead of sugar so the children coughed it out.

cough out неохотно говорить, выдавливать из себя
	The police may be able to make him cough out his story.

count out опускать, пропускать

count out не принимать во внимание
	Two of the men who want the job are unsuitable so you can count them out.

count out производить неверный подсчет избирателей
	He wasn't voted out he was counted out.

count out sport объявить боксера нокаутированным
	The old fighter was counted out at the end of the third round.

crack out разражаться
	Everyone at the party cracked out laughing when Jim walked in wearing his funny clothes.

crap out проигрывать
	I'm not lucky at this game it's the third time I've cropped out tonight.

crash out сбегать (из тюрьмы)
	Three men crashed out of the prison yesterday. Are you one of the prisoners who crashed out?

crash out быстро засыпать, отрубаться
	He crashed out after a hard day's work.

crop out обнажаться (о пласте)

cross out вычеркивать
	Cross out the lost two names they're not members any more.

crowd out вытеснять
	We would have liked to print your letter in the newspaper but it was crowded out by important news.

crowd out выходить толпами
	When the performance was over the people crowded out (of the theatre).

crowd out заполнять до отказа
	The sale room was crowded out with people wanting to buy the furniture.

crush out подавить
	Much of her youthful spirit had been crushed out of her by the terrible conditions which she had to suffer.

crush out выдавить
	Use this kitchen machine to crush the juice out (of the oranges)
	instead of pressing the fruit by hand.

cry out объявлять во всеуслышание

cry one's heart out горько рыдать, чахнуть от тоски

cry out нуждаться
	The garden is crying out to be watered.

cull out отбирать (животных)
	The leader asked his best rider to cull out the sick cow from the group.

cut out вырезать, кроить

cut out вытеснять
	Mary was going to marry Charles but Jim cut him out. The big now store is going to cut all the small shops out.

cut out отрезать судно от берега

cut out выключать
	We were halfway up the hill when the engine cut out. The heating cuts out when the room reaches a certain temperature.

cut out cards выходить из игры

cut out прекратить что-л. делать
	The doctor told my husband to cut out meat from his food. I wish she would cut out that stupid behaviour.

cut out вычеркнуть кого-л. из сознания
	He cut his brother out (of his will) after their quarrel.

cut out выходить из своего ряда (об автомобилях)
	It's dangerous to cut out when all the cars are moving fast.

dam out задерживать отводить плотиной (воду)

day out день проведенный вне дома

day out свободный день для прислуги

die out вымирать
	If too many of these rare animals are killed their kind will die out. It's time this selfish habit died out. That style of music died out ten years ago.

die out заглохнуть (о моторе)

die out захлебнуться (об атаке)

dig out (of) выкапывать, раскапывать 
	The hunters dug out the fox. The doctor had to dig the bullet out. Copper is dug out of the earth.

dig out внезапно покидать
	The fox dug out for the forest where he would be safe.

dig out выискивать
	The police should be able to dig the truth out of him. It must have taken a long time to dig the facts out of all these old books.

dim out затемнять
	The lights were dimmed out when the electricity supply was reduced.

dine out обедать не дома

dip out вычерпывать

dish out раскладывать кушанье
	Please help me to dish out the vegetables.

dish out раздавать
	Stand at the door and dish out the papers as the students come in. The government dishes out payments to people without jobs.

dope out находить решение
	Let me see if I can dope out a way out of your difficulty.

drag out вытаскивать
	It's so 'annoying having to drag out the sewing machine every time I want to make a dress.

drag out растягивать (рассказ), медлить
	The politician dragged his speech out for over two hours.

drag out скучно тянуться (о времени, жизни)
	The writer dragged out an unhappy existence for many years until in the end she killed herself.

drag out вытянуть (информацию) из кого-л.
	At last the police were able to drag the truth out of the prisoner.

draw out вытягивать, вытаскивать
	He put his hand in the drawer and drew out a gun.

draw out выводить (войска)

draw out отряжать, откомандировывать

draw out набрасывать
	I drew out a scheme of this project.

draw out вызывать на разговор, допытываться
	I was able to draw his story out of him by patient questioning.

draw out затягиваться, продолжаться
	The speech drew out interminably.

draw out увеличиваться (о днях)
	The days are drawing out now that it is spring.

draw out уходить
	When all the passengers were on hoard the train drew out of the station.

draw out развивать
	The teacher helped to draw out the meaning of the poem. Plenty of money often draws out the worst in people.

draw out подбодрять
	Mary is very quiet try to draw her out at the party.

draw out брать деньги со счета
	I shall have to draw out some more money to pay all these people.

draw out удалять (зуб)
	This tooth really hurts: I may have to have it drawn out.

dress out украшать, наряжать(ся)
	The street was dressed out in flags when the victory was won.

drift out выходить, выпадать
	When the lid came off the box loose papers drifted out. The crowd drifted out after the performance.

drive out выбивать, вытеснять
	We had to use cats to drive the rats out. The defending army drove the enemy out. The cows are in the vegetable field we shall have to drive them out.

drive out прокатиться (в автомобиле)
	Let's drive out into the country it's such a nice day.

drop out больше не участвовать (в конкурсе)
	Two of the team have dropped out and I don't know where we'll find replacements.

drop out опустить, не включить

drown out заглушать
	Both the speaker and his speech were drowned out by the disapproval of the crowd.

drown out затоплять
	Many families were drowned out when the river hurst its banks.

drum out of выгнать из армии с позором
	The officer was drummed out of the force for refusing to obey orders.

dry out иссушать
	Will this flooded ground ever dry out? A good hot summer could dry the ground out.

dry out перестать быть зависимым от наркотиков или алкоголя
	If he goes on drinking like that he will have to spend months in a special hospital drying out.

duck out уходить от ответственности
	You can't duck out now you made a solemn promise. No parent can duck out of his duty to his children. It's unlawful to try to duck out of paying taxes.

eat out питаться в ресторане
	Let's eat out tonight I'm too tired to cook.

edge out осторожно выбираться

edge out вытеснять
	Sim was winning the race until the thin boy edged him out. You might he able to edge your opponent out of the election.

edit out вымарывать, вычеркивать
	As his lost sentence is rather rude we'd better edit it out.

eke out with восполнять

eke out one's existence сводить концы с концами

face out не испугаться, выдержать смело
	He faced the matter out in spite of severe questioning. You will have to face the committee out and explain your actions.

face out выполнить что-л.

fade out постепенно уменьшать звук, картинку
	Fade out the last scene at the end.

fade out исчезать
	Having done my job in starting the club. I decided that it was time I faded out and left the work to younger members.

fag out утомляться до изнеможения
	I'm fagged out let me rest a minute.

fag out отбивать мяч (в крикете)

fall out выпадать
	The wind blew so strongly that the nest turned upside down and three baby birds fell out.

fall out выходить из строя
	The officer will fall the soldiers out when he has finished speaking to them.

fall out случаться
	It so fell out that we were late.

fall out ссориться
	Jim and Mary fall out every few weeks but their quarrels never last. Most married people fall out over money. When did you last fall out with your husband?

fan out развертывать(ся) веером

farm out передоверять часть работы другому
	The sewing was farmed out among the women of the village.

farm out сдавать в аренду
	We can get more money by farming out the other fields.

feel out выяснять чье-л. мнение
	Could you feel the director out on the question of the new appointments?

fence out отражать, отгонять
	We don't want that awkward man on the committee do what you can to fence him out.

ferret out вынюхивать
	The spy ferreted out the enemy's secret.

fetch out выявлять, выделять, оттенять

fetch out показывать, делать видимым
	Jane never fetches out her best dishes even when guests arrive. The warm sun fetched the flowers out.

fetch out развивать
	The teacher helped to fetch out the meaning of the poem.

fetch out создавать
	Tom has fetched out another new book.

fetch out подбадривать
	Mary is very quiet try to fetch her out at the party.

fetch out бастовать вызывать забастовку
	We'll fetch the workers out for more pay.

figure out вычислять
	Father is trying to figure out his tax.

figure out понимать, постигать
	Can you figure out this word?

figure out разгадывать

file out идти друг за другом
	When there is a fire it is important that people file out of the building in an orderly way.

fill out расширять(ся), наполнять(ся)
	His cheeks have filled out. He should eat less.

fill out заполнять (анкету)
	Some people find it difficult to fill out a form.

filter out не обращать внимания
	The child was able to filter out the noises surrounding him as he was so busy in his play.

filter out становиться известным
	The news of his appointment filtered out before it was officially advertised.

filter out медленно выходить (о группе людей)
	People are filtering out of the cinema the film must be over.

find out узнать, понять

find out раскрыть (обман, тайну)
	I wiil find out the truth.

find smb. out разоблачить кого-л.
	
find out for oneself добраться до истины

fire out выгонять увольнять

fish out доставать вытаскивать (из кармана)
	He fished out a coin from his pocket. She fished the keys out of her bag.

fish out выпытывать (секреты)

fit out снаряжать, экипировать
	The ship has been newly fitted out. We must fit the boy out for school.

fit out воздавать по заслугам

fizzle out выдыхаться, кончаться неудачей

flake out терять сознание
	I think I'm going to flake out I'd better sit down.

flake out засыпать
	Tired out by their journey the travellers flaked out as soon as they reached their hotel room.

flake out слабеть (от голода)
	When you start flaking out have something to eat.

flame out вспыхнуть, запылать
	The fire flamed out when the wind blew again.

flame out вспылить
	Mary's temper flamed out.

flare out яростно говорить

flash out говорить сердито
	'And don't speak to me like that!' she flashed out.

flatten out раскатывать, расплющивать
	Help me to flatten out the sheets. The garage man had to flatten out the car door which was twisted by damage in the accident.

flatten out выравнивать (самолет)

flatten out приводить в замешательство, в ужас
	I was flattened out with his abominable behaviour.

flesh out расширять (текст), конкретизировать
	The action in the story is good but the characters aren't very lifelike see if you can flesh them out a little.

flick out быстро вытащить, выхватить

flicker out медленно погаснуть

flicker out постепенно прекратиться

fling out разразиться (бранью)

fling out брыкаться (о лошади)
	Suddenly the horse flung out and the rider was thrown to the ground.

fling out броситься вон
	She turned and flung out of the room without another word.

fling out выгонять, исключать
	Two members were flung out of the club for failing to pay the money they owed.

fling out отвергать
	The new law was flung out when it reached the last stage in Parliament.

fling out предлагать
	At last the chairman flung out his own suggestion which the committee were eager to accept.

flog out (of) выбить (лень) 

flow out тратить в большом количестве
	The taxpayers are complaining that their money is flowing out through government spending.

flush out прогонять
	The police succeeded in flushing the criminals from their secret meeting place. You have to flush the birds from their hiding place before you shoot them.

fly out вылетать
	

follow out выполнять, до конца осуществлять
	We have followed out your instructions down to the last detail.

fool out добиваться обманом

force out выгонять
	The owner forced the poor family out of the house when they could not pay the rent.

fork out раскошелиться
	Father is complaining that he has to fork out more money to the children every week.

foul out удалять из-за нечестной игры
	Two of our players have fouled out we shall have a struggle to win without them.

freak out становиться возбужденным (особ. из-за наркотиков)
	Lots of people were at the party drinking and smoking and generally freaking out. I nearly freaked out when she told me who he was. Don't get freaked out just because your parents are coming. You'd better sit down this news will freak you out.

freak out вести себя необычно
	She used to be the most correct person but then suddenly last year she decided to freak out.

freeze out отделаться (от соперника)
	Many big firms freeze out the competition by unfair means. Members who are no longer welcome can easily be frozen out.

frighten out of запугиванием заставить отказаться от

frighten smb. out of existence напугать кого-л. до смерти

gasp out произносить задыхаясь
	The messenger gasped out his story after running all the way from the battle.

get out выходить вылезать (from of - из)

get out of shape потерять форму

get out of sight исчезнуть из поля зрения

get out! уходи! проваливай!

get out (from, of) вынимать, вытаскивать
	He got out money from the pocket.

get out произнести, вымолвить
	The speaker was so nervous that he could hardly get our more than a sentence.

get out стать известным (о секрете)
	How did the news of his appointment gel out before it was officially made known?

get out выведывать, выспрашивать

get out бросить (привычку) (of)
	How can I get out of the habit of smoking? Joining a group will help to get you out of the habit.

get out избегать делать что-л.
	What did you get out of his lecture? What did you get out of the deal?

get out уходить, сбегать
	The meeting went on late so I got out as soon as I could.

get out публиковать
	How long does it take each day to get the newspaper out?

get out готовить
	I have to go and work I must get out my next speech.

get out высчитывать
	These days scientists use computers to help them to get out the difficult calculations concerned with space travel.

get out заставить кого-л. устроить забастовку
	If we get all the workers out we may be able to force the government to act.

get out of hand выйти из повиновения, отбиться от рук
	Our children got out of hand.

get out of order испортиться
	I think my computer got out of order.

go out выйти, выходить
	I don't think you should go out with that bad cold.

go out бывать в обществе
	Let's go out tonight there's a good film showing at the local cinema.

go out выйти в свет (о книге)

go out выйти в отставку

go out выйти из моды
	I thought those ancient machines went out years ago!

go out тратиться (о деньгах)
	There's more money going out than coming in and I'm worried about the business.

go out кончаться (о месяце годе)
	March comes in like a lion and goes out like a lamb.

go out (за)бастовать
	The Post Office workers went out before Christmas now the electricians are out. I wonder who'll come out next?

go out обрушиться

go out потерпеть неудачу
	If the government goes out at the next election who will lead the country?

go out распространяться (о новостях, приказах)
	I thought the wedding invitations had all gone out but my sister says she hasn't received hers.

go out догореть, погаснуть
	Have you a match? My cigarette has gone out. Don't let the fire go out there's plenty of wood.

go out умереть
	I hope that when I go out I shall leave a better world behind me.

go out выйти из берегов
	When the sea goes out the sand stretches for a long way.

go out терять сознание
	The robber hit him on the head with an iron bar and he went out like a light.

go out of mind выскочить из памяти
	Oh, his name went out of my mind.

green out давать ростки

grind out вымучивать из себя выполнять с большим трудом
	Dying of thirst the desert traveller ground out a request for water.

grind out вытачивать
	This machine grinds out the crushed rock ready for road building.

grind out растоптать (окурок)

grind out пиликать
	When will the pianist stop grinding out the same old tunes?

grow out прорастать

grow out (of) вырастать из, перерастать

grow out of a bad habit отвыкнуть от дурной привычки

grow out of use выйти из употребления

hack out вырабатывать с трудом
	The committee had instructions to hack out a new method of organizing the firm's accounts even if it took all night.

hammer out расплющивать
	The car door was so damaged in the crash that the garage men had to hammer it out.

hammer out выковывать
	At this college some of the students learn to hammer out beautiful dishes in silver and other precious metals.

hammer out придумывать, изобретать

hammer out делать что-л. шумно
	I can hear Jane from here hammering out a tune on the piano I do wish she would learn to play the instrument gently. Tom is back at work hammering out another story on his old typewriter.

hammer out говорить о чем-л. в подробностях

hammer out приходить к решению после длительного обсуждения
	The government must hammer out the difficult question of how to prevent further wars if we keep talking all night we should be able to hammer out an agreement.

hand out выдавать, раздавать
	Aunt Mabel likes to hand out advice to the young people whether they want it or not.

hand out тратить деньги

hand out помочь сойти, выйти
	As the lady tried to step down from the carriage the gentleman politely handed her out.

hang out вывешивать (флаги)
	Hang out the flag the victory is ours!

hang out высовываться (из окна)

hang out жить квартировать

hang out болтаться, околачиваться
	Can you tell me where Jim hangs out?

hang out упорствовать
	The town was surrounded by the enemy but the people hung out until help came.

hang out for требовать
	The workers are still hanging out for more pay. Be careful the dealers may hang out for a higher price.

hash out выяснить, установить, выработать
	We must hash out the question of Mr Brown's appointment which many of the directors are opposing.

head out достигать кульминации
	After all those hours of arguing the talks began to head out and it was not long before we were able to reach an agreement.

hear out выслушать
	Don't judge the must guilty without at least hearing his story out Hear me out please I've still a lot to say.

help out помочь выйти
	One of the climbers has fallen into deep snow and needs helping out as he can't move by himself.

help out помочь
	Can you help me out with my English homework.

hew out вырабатывать с трудом
	The committee had instructions to hew out a new method of organizing the firm's accounts even if it took them all night.

hire out сдавать внаем
	I'm thinking of hiring out my boat for the summer while I'm away.

hire out наниматься (в прислуги, официантки)

hiss out прогнать свистом

hit out наносить сильные удары
	Surrounded by three men who were threatening him Jim hit out in all directions and soon had them all lying unconscious on the ground.

hit out атаковать (на словах)
	A late speech gives a politician a good chance to hit out. The labour unions have hit out against wage controls.

hold out протягивать, предлагать

hold out hope давать надежду

hold out выдерживать, держаться до конца
	The town was surrounded but the citizens held out until help at last came.

hold out хватать
	how long will our supplies hold out? на сколько нам хватит наших запасов?

hold out удерживать, задерживать

hold out for требовать
	The men are still holding out for higher pay. Be careful the dealers may hold out for a higher price.

hold out (of) удерживать (часть чего-л.)
	The company holds some money out of each man's pay to cover future tax demands.

hold out (on) держать в секрете от кого-л.
	Why didn't you tell me at once instead of holding out on me?

hold out (on) отказывать
	Jim sent his request to Head Office some weeks ago but they are still holding out on him.

hook out выведать

hound out изгонять, выгонять с позором
	When his employers discovered his shameful past they bounded him out (of the company).

humbug out of обманом лишать чего-л.

hurl out выгонять, исключать
	I'll hurl you out of the club if you dare tell the secret!

hurl out отклонять
	The committee hurled out the request as being completely unsuitable.

inside out наизнанку
	My skirt is turned inside out.

iron out сглаживать, улаживать
	The board of directors are trying to iron out the difficulties connected with the new contract.

jab out выталкивать
	Mind where you put your elbow you nearly jabbed my eye out!

jockey out обманом получить

jump out of выскочить
	I was walking up the garden path when one of the children jumped out of the bushes and surprised me.

keep out of не допускать, не позволять
	Keep children out of mischief!

keep out of оставаться в стороне, не вмешиваться

keep out of smb.'s way избегать кого-л.

keep out of smth. избегать чего-л.

keep out of mischief держаться подальше от греха

kick out вышвырнуть, выгнать, уволить
	Don't kick the cat out like that it's cruel lift him out gently.

kick out износить, истрепать

kill out уничтожать, искоренять

kit out обеспечить
	Make sure that your boy is properly kitted out for the tropics. The army must be kitted out with proper clothing weapons medical supplies and tents.

knock out выбить, выколотить

knock out sport нокаутировать
	This experienced old fighter has never yet been knocked out.

knock out одолеть, победить
	Our soldiers had orders to knock out the enemy.

knock out удивить, ошеломить
	Your unexpected news has quite knocked me out! Her beauty knocked out every man in the room.

knock out составить на скорую руку состряпать
	I knocked out a plan.

knock out усыпить (о лекарствах)
	Many people would rather have gas to knock them out before they have their teeth removed.

knock out утомлять
	Hours of gardening in the sun have quite knocked me out.

ladle out вычерпывать, разливать

ladle out раздавать
	Our commander ladles out honours. Our boss ladles out praise.

land out of crop незасеянная/невозделанная земля

lash out внезапно лягнуть, ударить, наброситься
	Never walk behind a horse in case it lashes out (at you).

lash out разразиться бранью

laugh out to laugh smb. out of smth. насмешкой отучить кого-л. от чего-л.

launch out пускаться (в путь, в предприятие)

launch out on smth. начать что-л. делать

launch out разразиться (словами упреками)

launch out сорить деньгами
	Can we afford to launch out on a colour television?

lead out of выходить, выводить
	Road signs lead the traffic out of the city.

lead out of воодушевлять, вовлекать в разговор
	Mary's very quiet will you look after her at the party and try to lead her out a little?

leak out просочиться
	There's a hole in the bucket and the water is leaking out.

leak out обнаружиться, стать известным
	The news of his appointment leaked out before it was officially made known.

leap out (at) быть заметным
	His name leaped out at me from the newspaper.

leave out пропускать не включать
	Please complete this cheque properly the date has been left out.

leave out упускать
	No possibility must be left out.

leave out не обращать внимания на кого-л.

leave out of account не принимать во внимание

lend out одалживать
	Banks will only lend out money at a high rate of interest.

lend out выдавать книги (в библиотеке)

lengthen out чрезмерно затягивать

lens out mining выклиниваться

let out a reef отпускать риф

let out a reef распустить пояс (после сытного обеда)

lie out ночевать вне дома

light out уходить в спешке
	The fox lit out for the forest.

live out пережить

live out прожить, протянуть (о больном)
	Will the old man live out the year?

live out иметь квартиру отдельно от места службы
	Most students have to live out as there isn't room for them in their college.

lock out запереть дверь и не впускать
	If you come home as late at this again you'll find yourself locked out of the house!

lock out объявлять локаут

lodge out не ночевать дома

log out отмечать время ухода в журнале
	They're no longer here I'll see if they logged out this morning.

loll out высовывать (язык)
	The dog lolled its tongue out in the heat. The dog's tongue was lolling out.

look out of выглядывать
	Look out of the car window there's a deer crossing the road!

look out быть настороже
	look out! осторожнее! берегись!

look out (across, into, on, over, upon) иметь вид на 
	My hotel room looks out across the lake.

look out подыскивать
	He looks out for a house of his dream.

luck out быть счастливым повезти
	At last I lucked out and found a good job.

lug out вытаскивать

lunch out обедать в ресторане

make out разобрать

make out увидеть, различить, понять
	You can just make out the farm in the distance.

make out доказывать
	The lawyers tried to make out that Peter had not been present at the accident.

make out составлять (документ)
	
	
make out выписывать (счет, чек)
	When you make out the bill please give me a copy.

make out жить, существовать
	How did he make out while his wife was away?

make out справляться, преуспевать
	How did he make out at the examination?

make out делать вид, притворяться
	You can't make yourself out to be younger than you are. He's not such a fool as he's made out to be.

make out удаваться иметь успех
	Whatever profession this young man chooses I'm sure he'll make out all right.

make out заниматься сексом
	The park was full of lovers making out on the grass.

map out составлять план планировать

map out one's time распределять свое время
	You should map out your time to get everything done.

march out выступать, выходить
	Out army will march out tomorrow.

mark out размечать, расставлять указательные знаки
	Now that it's spring we must mark the tennis court out ready for play.

mark out выделять, предназначать
	The directors have had you marked out as worthy of consideration for a better position in the firm.

measure out отмерять, выдавать по мерке, распределять
	This medicine must be measured out exactly.

melt out выплавлять

men out of occupation безработные

mouse out разнюхать, разузнать

move out выдвигать (ящик)
	He moved out the box.

move out съезжать (с квартиры)
	No sooner had the family moved out of the house than the windows were broken and the paintwork damaged.

muck out чистить (помещение с животными)
	Part of your job with the horses will be to muck out the stables every morning.

mushroom out расти как грибы

mushroom out быстро распространяться

muster out увольнять, демобилизовать

night out ночь проведенная вне дома (в развлечениях)

night out выходной вечер прислуги

nose out победить с небольшим преимуществом

nut out smth. обмозговать что-л.

open out развертывать(ся), раскрывать(ся)

open out one's arms открывать объятия

open out the wings расправлять крылья

opt out уклоняться (от работы, о хиппи)

opt out of society стать хиппи

paint out закрашивать (надпись)
	The ship's name has been painted out and replaced with a new one.

pan out намывать

pan out давать золото (о песке)

pan out преуспевать, удаваться, устраиваться
	The business did not pan out. None of Morgan's proposed financing panned out.

parcel out делить на части, дробить
	After the farmer's death his land was parcelled out among his children.

pass out успешно пройти (курс обучения)
	How many of the young men passed out this year?

pass out сбыть, продать (товар)
	The theatre company are passing out free tickets for the opening night.

pass out терять сознание
	When the young man heard the news he passed out with the shock.

pass out умереть

pass out покинуть уйти
	All joy passed out of my life when I heard the terrible news. When he left the city he passed out of our group of friends.

pass out of mind выскочить из памяти
	His name passed out of my mind.

pass out of sight исчезать из виду

pass out of use выходить из употребления

peep out выглядывать проглядывать появляться
	The child peeped out from behind her fingers. The stars peeped out as the clouds hurried past.

peg out отмечать колышками (участок)
	The builders have pegged out the land for the house. Have you pegged out your claim yet?

peg out выдохнуться, потерять сознание, умереть
	Two of the climbers pegged out before they reached the top of the mountain.

peg out выйти из строя (о машине)
	The engine pegged out halfway up the hill.

peg out разориться

peg out повесить на прищепках
	It's a lovely windy day help me to peg out the washing.

peter out истощаться (о месторождениях)
	This birthplace had being petered out.

peter out исчезать, улетучиваться
	The climbers' efforts to reach the top petered out.
	
peter out провалиться, потерпеть неудачу
	His plan petered out.

phase out постепенно прекращать, свертывать
	The makers have decided to phase out the production of this car. This course will be phased out and will not be offered to new students.

piece out составлять (целое из частей)
	The police had to piece out the prisoner's story with details obtained from other witnesses.

place out отдавать ребенка на усыновление
	The local authorities have been largely successful in placing out most of the children in their care.

plant out высаживать в грунт
	When the seeds have grown in their small box plant them out in the garden.

play out доиграть до конца (игру, пьесу)
	The tennis game was played out although the light was bad.

play out сопровождать музыкой (выход кого-л.)
	The pianist played the happy pair out with the Wedding March.

play out разворачивать, разматывать
	Play out the rope a little at a time.

play out выдыхаться
	At the end of a busy year the performers feel played out.

play out изживать себя, терять силу, исчерпать
	That supply of money is played out. The idea soon played out.

plot out делить на участки, распределять
	The builders have plotted out the area ready for the houses.

plough out распахивать
	The farmer ploughed out some large stones which nearly broke his machine.

pluck out the eye выбить глаз

point out указывать, показывать
	The guide took us through the city pointing interesting sights out .

poke out высовывать, высовываться
	The animal was in the hole because it left its tail poking out. Poke your nose out (of the window) and see if it's still raining.

pop out высунуть, высунуться
	The window opened and a head popped out.

pop out внезапно удалиться, отправиться
	I had just popped out for a breath of fresh air.

pop out внезапно погаснуть
	A gust of wind made the candle pop out.

pop out широко раскрываться (о глазах)
	She looked so surprised her eyes nearly popped out of her head.

portion out разделять (между)
	You will have to portion your time out more evenly among your different activities.

pound out расплющивать, распрямлять (ударами)
	The car door was so badly damaged that the garage men had to pound it out to its proper shape.

pound out колотить (по роялю клавишам)
	All morning I've been pounding out letters on the typewriter.

pour out наливать, разливать
	Would you like me to pour out the tea?

pour out литься, выливаться
	When the pipe was unblocked the dirty water poured out.

pour out валить наружу (о толпе)
	The factory workers poured out when the whistle blew.

pour out сыпать словами
	
pour out изливать (чувства)
	Weeping she poured out her troubles to her closest friend.
	
press out выжимать
	This kitchen tool is for pressing juice out of fruit and vegetables.

press out решительно продолжать

print out  распечатывать
	The machine will print out the results of the calculation.

prove out подтверждать(ся), проявлять себя

pry out допытываться, выведывать

psych out симпатизировать, разделять чувства
	One of the first things a teacher has to do is to psych the children out.

psych out оказывать психическое воздействие
	His attempt to psych out the other competitors seemed to work.

psych out разволноваться, запсиховать
	I psych out every time I enter an examination room.

psych out притворяться психом
	Some men were able to get out of the army by psyching out.

puff out задувать (свечу)

puff out надувать(ся), раздувать(ся)
	As the wind rose the sails puffed out and the little boat moved faster. In cold weather birds puff out their feathers

puff out выпячивать
	puffed out with selfimportance полный чванства

puff out двигаться выпуская клубы дыма
	The train puffed out of the station.

puff out выдыхать, выпускать (воздух, дым, пар)
	This chimney is puffing out too much smoke. The runner puffed out the news of the victory.

puff out запыхыться
	Wait a minute I'm puffed out.

pull out вытаскивать, выхватывать
	Before I could see what he was doing he had pulled out a gun.
	
pull out удалять (зубы), вырывать, выщипывать
	Can you pull this nail out? This drawer is stiff and won't pull out.

pull out выходить (из депрессии), отходить (после ссоры)
	You're feeling low because you're overtired a good holiday will pull you out. Jim loses his temper easily but soon pulls out.

pull out удлинять
	Pull out the wire until it is very thin.

pull out удаляться, отходить (от станции о поезде)
	We reached the station too late just as the train was pulling out.

pull out выйти из предприятия, отказаться от участия
	Jim saw that the firm was going to fail so he pulled out before he got ruined.

pull out выходить из пикирования
	The plane was descending dangerously steeply but the pilot was able to pull it out just in time.

pump out выкачивать откачивать
	So far we've been able to pump out most of the lower floors.

pump out (of) выведывать выспрашивать
	At last the police were able to pump the truth out (of the prisoner).

punch out компостировать
	The railway official punched a hole out of my ticket.

punch out выбивать (гвоздь)
	If you can't pull the nails out by their heads punch them out from the other side of the board.

punch out отмечать время ухода с работы
	What time do the workers punch out on Fridays?

push out выталкивать
	The cat wouldn't leave my kitchen so I had to push it out.

push out выходить в море, отталкиваться (от берега - о лодке)
	When I give the command everybody push out together!

push out попросить удалиться (из комнаты)
	Do you mind if I push you out for a few minutes?

push out уволить выгнать (незаслуженно)
	John was pushed out to make way for the director's son.

push out давать ростки (о растении)

push out выступать, выдаваться вперед
	The cape pushes out into the sea.

put out выгонять, удалять, устранять
	Two families who could not pay the rent were put out onto the street.

put out выкладывать (вещи)
	I put out my clothes from my wardrobe.
	
put out вывешивать (белье, флаг)
	If it turns fine I will put the washing out.

put out вытянуть высовывать
	Put your hand out I have a surprise for you. It's rude to put out your tongue at people.

put out давать побеги (о растении)
	The bush has put out some new branches.

put out вывихнуть (плечо)
	I can't play tennis with I've put my shoulder out.

put out выкалывать (глаза)
	Mind that sharp point you nearly put my eye out!

put out тушить, гасить
	Put out all fires before leaving the camping ground.

put out расходовать, тратить (силы)
	Putting out all his strength he uprooted the tree.

put out отдавать на сторону
	She put her baby out to nurse.

put out причинять неудобство
	He was very much put out by the late arrival of his guests. Please don't put yourself out I can do it myself.

put out выводить из себя, смущать, расстраивать
	She never gets put out even by the most difficult matters.

put out выпускать, производить
	The firm has put out an increased number of bicycles this month.

put out выпускать, издавать
	The police have put out a description of the jewel thieves. The printers put out three numbers of the magazine in its first year.

put out (at) давать деньги под процент
	Make sure you put out your savings at a high rate of interest.

put out отправляться, выходить в море
	The wind was calm when we first put out to sea.

put out sport запятнать

put out to nurse отдать на попечение няни
	She put her baby out to nurse.

put out to sea пускаться в плавание

puzzle out разобраться, разгадать найти решение
	I still can't puzzle out what he meant. I've never been able to puzzle her out and still can't.

rake out выгребать
	I will have to rake these dead leaves out before water will flow through the pipe again.

rake out выискивать, выкапывать, добывать с трудом
	At last I raked out a worn old coat to give to the man at the door.

rap out выкрикнуть, испустить (крик), извергать (ругательства)
	The officer rapped out an order and all the soldiers raised their guns.
	
rap out an oath выругаться

rap out выстукивать
	The prisoner rapped out a message to his neighbor.

rasp out проскрипеть (что-л.)
	"Help me I'm dying of thirst" he rasped out. The officer rasped out an order.

ravel out разделять на волокна
	The end of the rope has ravelled out and the knot will not hold the climbers safely.
	
ravel all this matter out распутать все это дело

ravel out расползаться, протираться
	The sweater raveled out at the elbow.

reach out (for) потянуться (за чем-л.)
	Reaching out he took a firm hold of the rope.

reach out добиваться чего-л.
	The churches are trying to reach out in an effort to attract young people to services.

reach out to обращаться к
	Modern politicians try to reach out to ordinary people in their broadcast speeches.

reach out протягивать (руку)
	You can feel the rain if you reach out your hand.

read out прочитать вслух
	Read out the names as the people come in so that we can all hear.

read out исключать из организации
	The former leader was read out of the Party after his guilt was proved.

read out выводить данные
	The machine will read out the results of the calculation.

reason out продумать до конца
	Let's reason the matter out instead of quarrelling.

reason out разубеждать (в чем-л.)
	Can't you reason the boy out of such stupid behaviour?

report out вернуть с неблагоприятным отзывом

ride out совершать прогулку (верхом, на велосипеде)
	Let's ride out to the mountains while the weather is good.

ride out благополучно перенести шторм
	The ship should be strong enough to ride out the storm.

ride out выйти из затруднительного положения
	It is difficult to be certain whether the government will be able to ride out its present troubles with the unions.

rig out снаряжать, экипировать
	As winter gets near we have to rig the whole family out with warm clothing.

rig out наряжать
	People came to the party rigged out as characters from stories fairies animals and other creatures.
	
rigged out разодетый
	Why are you so rigged out?

rip out выдирать
	The criminals have ripped the telephone wires out.

rip out испускать (крик)

rip out отпускать (ругательство)

roll out вставать с постели подниматься
	Roll out you men the day's already started!

roll out выкатывать (наружу)
	If the old car wont start in the garage you'll just have to roll it out.

roll out раскатывать
	to roll out pastry раскатывать тесто
	Roll out the map so that we can all see it.

roll out прокатывать (металл)
	The metal is rolled out by heavy machinery.

roll out произносить отчетливо внушительно
	The actor rolled out his words so that everyone in the theatre could hear.

roll out производить (товары) в большом количестве
	This factory rolls out 200 boxes of its products every day.

root out вырывать с корнем, уничтожать
	We must root out all the dead plants. The government must make efforts to root out ineffective parts of the system.

root out выискивать, подыскивать
	Can you root out some good players for the team?

rough out чертить начерно
	A scheme has been roughed out.

round out закруглять(ся), делать(ся) круглым

round out полнеть
	She was very thin after her illness but is rounding out nicely now.

round out заканчивать(ся), завершать(ся)
	The best way to round out your education is by travelling. The inquiry was rounding itself out.

row out устать от гребли

rub out стирать вычищать
	Will this rubber rub out ink marks?

rub out убивать
	Anyone who opposes our organization will get rubbed out.

rule out вычеркивать
	Rule out neatly any words which you do not wish the examiner to read.

rule out исключать
	The government has ruled out any further support for the industry.

rule out мешать, препятствовать
	A sudden storm ruled out the boat race.

run out выбегать
	Lots of people ran out to see what had caused the noise.

run out вытекать
	The water runs in at this end and runs out at the other.

run out кончаться, иссякать
	The contract runs out next week. What will we use for power when all the oil in the world has run out? I've run out of coffee.

run out выдвигаться, выступать (о строении)
	The pier runs out into the sea.

run out выдыхаться, задыхаться (во время бега)
	I've run myself out I can't go any further.

run out выгнать
	If he refuses to leave town the boys will run him out.

run out (at) обходиться, стоить, достигать
	The total area runs out at 25000 square miles.

run out закончить гонку

run out травиться (о канате)
	Run the rope out a little at a time.

run out on покинуть, бросить, сбежать
	You can't run out on your family at a time like this.

run out on не выполнять (соглашение, обязательства) 
	You can't run out on the contract or you could be taken to court.

sack out отправиться на боковую
	The children were so tired that they sacked out as soon as they reached home.

scent out разузнать, пронюхать
	The police scented out the criminals' hiding place.

score out вычеркивать
	Score out that last name

scrape out выскребать, выкапывать
	The children loved scraping out the bowl in which we had mixed the cake. This animal scrapes out a hole in the sand to lay its eggs in.

scratch out вычеркивать
	All the names on the list had been scratched out.

scratch out с трудом сводить концы с концами
	It wasn't easy scratching out a living in those hard times.

scream out выкрикивать
	If she hadn't screamed out the warning there would have been a nasty accident.

screen out не замечать (неудобств)
	The child was able to screen out the noises surrounding him.

screen out отводить (кандидата на должность)
	So far we have screened out four people who wanted the job but were unsuitable.

screw out вывинчивать
	
	
screw out выжимать (о белье)
	Screw the soapy water out of the cloth.

screw out of вымогать (деньги)
	The criminal was able to screw every last penny out of the poor man.

scrub out тщательно чистить, мыть
	I didn't hear the telephone I was scrubbing out the bathroom. Always scrub the tins out before using them again.

scrub out отскребать
	Can you scrub out that dirty mark on the wall?

scrub out отменить или отложить (состязание, совещание)
	The football game had to be scrubbed out because of the snowstorm.

scrub out вычеркнуть, забыть
	Scrub out that last part of the message.

search out найти
	He searched out his old friend. The lawyer searched out the weaknesses in the witness's statement.

see out встречать на улице
	I saw your mother out yesterday does that mean her leg is better?
	
see out видеть за окном снаружи
	The window is so dirty that I cant see out.

see out провожать (к выходу)
	Don't trouble to see me out I know the way.

see out выпроваживать

see out пережить
	Grandfather won't see out another month. Will our supplies see the winter out?

see out досидеть до конца (спектакля)
	I'll see this film out though it isn't as good as I thought it would be.

see out завершить
	The course is terrible but I'll see it out now that I've paid for it.

see out провожать (старый год)
	At midnight we see out the old year and see in the new.

seek out искать
	How can we seek out a really good person for the job?

select out отчислять, увольнять

select out отводить (кандидата на должность)

sell out продать, распродать
	Have you sold out all the tickets yet?

sell out ликвидировать (фирму)
	Green's in the High Street are selling out.

sell out стать предателем
	The officer was charged with selling out to the enemy.

send out выгнать
	If you children don't behave properly I will send you out (of the classroom). Why did you send the children out to play

send out выпускать, испускать, излучать
	The fire sent out a lot of smoke but little damage was caused.
	
send out покрываться (о деревьях)
	The trees send out leaves.

send out посылать
	The youngest son was sent out to Canada. I'll send out some more money as soon as I have some.

send out рассылать
	Have the wedding invitations been sent out yet?

send out for посылать за
	We can always send out for some tasty food.

send out messages передавать сообщения

separate out выделять(ся), разъединять(ся)
	The scientist tried to separate out the precious chemical from the substance in which it was found. The oil and water will separate out if the mixture is left standing.

serve out раздавать, распределять
	You can help to serve out the vegetables while I cut the meat.

serve out отплатить
	We will serve them out for the trick that they played on us.

serve out отбыть
	When the thieves had served out two years in prison they returned to a life of crime.

set out выставлять
	The goods for sale were set out attractively. The gifts are set out for guests to admire.

set out излагать
	The committee's plans are set out in the report.

set out отправляться
	He set out for work an hour ago.

set out экипировать

set out украшать
	The hat sets you out.

set out намереваться
	This is not what I set out to learn when I look this course.

set out ясно излагать
	If you set your answers out neatly the examiners will be influenced in your favour.

set out высаживать (семена растения)
	Spring came and he set the seeds out in the soil.

set out накрывать (на стол)
	Breakfast was set out in a small room. The young plants should be set out three inches apart.

set out выступать (против противника)
	to set out against the enemy troops выступать против войск противника

shake out вытряхивать
	Turning his trousers upside down she shook out a lot of coins.

shake out отбрасывать (мысль)
	You should shake it out of your head.

shake out развертывать (парус, флаг)
	

shake out развертываться
	Our troops shook out into a fighting formation.

shake out реорганизовать
	The committee needs to be shaken out to get rid of some of the older members.

shame out of пристыдить и заставить отказаться от
	How can we shame the boy out of such unacceptable behaviour?

shell out выбивать огнем артиллерии

shell out раскошеливаться
	How long do I have to go on shelling out for the boy's education?

shell out дарить подарки детям на хэллоуин
	I think I'll buy fruit this year to shell out when the children come round.

shine out ярко светить
	A lonely star shone out against the black sky.

shine out выделяться, блистать
	His abilities shine out when compared to his companions.

ship out отправлять (морским путем)
	The price is high because the goods have to be shipped out.

ship out выйти в море (о моряке)
	I first shipped out when I was a very young man.

shoot out выскакивать, вылетать
	As we got near to the hole a rabbit shot out and ran towards the woods.

shoot out выдаваться (о мысе)
	The land shoots out into the sea.

shoot out высовывать, выпячивать
	As the teacher turned his back the child shot out his tongue.
	
shoot out one's lips презрительно выпячивать губы
	
shoot out пускать (ростки)
	Plants shoot out buds.

shoot out выпалить сказать неожиданно и быстро
	He shot out a stream of curses when he learned what his enemy had done.

shoot out вышвырнуть, выгнать
	If the party leaders are not careful they could be shot out at the next election.

shove out выталкивать, выпихивать
	The cat wouldn't leave my kitchen so I had to shove it out.

shove out выходить в море, отталкиваться (от берега - о лодке)
	When I give the command everybody shove out together!

shove out попросить удалиться (из комнаты)
	Do you mind if I shove you out for a few minutes?

shove out уволить (незаслуженно)
	John was shoved out to make way for the director's son.

shove out давать ростки (о растении)

shove out выступать, выдаваться вперед
	The cape shoves out into the sea.

show out проводить вывести (из комнаты)
	Don't trouble to show me out of the building I know the way.

shuffle out стягивать (одежду)
	With his wounded arm bound up he had to shuffle out of his coat as best he could.

shuffle out шаркая выйти (из комнаты)
	The old man shuffled out of the room complaining about the way he had been treated.

shuffle out выпутываться из трудного положения
	He's always been able to shuffle out of any difficulty.

shut out не допускать, не впускать
	Any member who arrives late will find himself shut out of the meeteng.

shut out не допускать (мысли)
	How can I shut out such harmful thoughts? He stopped his ears with his hands to shut out the terrible noise.

shut out загораживать, закрывать
	The trees are very beautiful but they do shut out the light.

sift out отделять, выделять
	Sift out the most important names from this list of possible speakers. She sifted out the stones from the soil.

sigh out произносить со вздохом

sign out выписаться (из больницы)
	Students are asked to sign out as they leave.

sign out расписываться за (что-л.)
	All books must be signed out.

sing out кричать
	If you hadn't sung out a warning in time there might have been a nasty accident.

sit out не участвовать (в танцах)
	I think I'll sit out the next dance I'm tired.

sit out высиживать до конца
	I decided to sit out the rest of the film.

sit out пересидеть (кого-л.)
	She was determined to sit the other woman out.

sketch out изображать схематически
	The new buildings have only been sketched out so far.

sketch out описывать в общих чертах
	The general sketched out his battle plan to his staff leaving them to organize the details.

sleep out спать на открытом воздухе
	It's so hot tonight let's sleep out in the garden.

sleep out жить не по месту работы (преим. о прислуге) быть приходящей (о няне)
	There are two other servants who sleep out.

sleep out спать ночевать не дома
	Their children seem to sleep out nearly every night.

sleep out проспать
	Sometimes he feels that he would like to sleep out the rest of his days.
	
sleep oneself out выспаться
	Finally, I have slept myself out.

slide out незаметно выскальзывать
	Can you slide out of the room without the chairman seeing you?

slide out избежать (чего-л. нежелательного)
	You can't slide out of your responsibility in this matter.

sling out выгнать
	The family have been slung out of the house for not paying their rent.

slink out незаметно исчезать
	We found that the boy had slunk out of the room while we weren't looking.

slip out незаметно выпасть
	The key must have slipped out when I opened my bag.

slip out незаметно уйти
	The boy must have slipped out when my back was turned.

slip out быстро сбросить с себя (одежду)
	Just give me a minute to slip out of these wet things.

slip out сорваться
	He let the name slip out.

slip out избежать
	You can't slip out of your responsibility in this matter.

slop out выносить помои
	When you've slopped out the waste bucket clean it thoroughly. Have all the prisoners finished slopping out?

sluice out промывать
	You'd better sluice the pipe out so that we don't have any more trouble with it.

smell out выследить, учуять
	Some dogs are used to smelt out unlawful drugs which travellers are carrying.

smell out разнюхать, раскрыть
	He has a strange ability for smelling out a mystery.

smell out провонять
	Those terrible cigarettes smell the whole room out.

smoke out выкуривать
	We'll have to smoke the insects out.

smoke out разоблачать

smooth out разглаживать, расправлять
	Smooth out any unevenness in the cloth before you cut it.

smooth out улаживать, сглаживать
	They need a friend to smooth the matter out between them.

snap out говорить грубо
	The passenger snapped out a warning and the driver was able to stop just in time to avoid the accident.

snap out (of) выходить из какого-л. состояния

snap out (of) избавиться (от плохого настроения)
	If I could snap out of this sadness don't you think I would?

snatch out вырывать, выхватывать
	The child was snatched out of the flames.

sneak out тайком выбраться
	The boy had sneaked out of the room while we weren't looking. The soldier was charted with sneaking army food out of the camp.

sneak out of увиливать
	And don't try to sneak out of your duties like you did last time!

sniff out разнюхивать
	Some dogs are used to sniff out unlawful drugs. He has a strange ability for sniffing out the cause of the trouble.

snuff out потушить (свечу)
	Snuff out the candles it's time to go to bed.

snuff out разрушить подавить
	The citizens' plan was quickly snuffed out by the military rulers.

snuff out убивать
	The soldiers had orders to snuff out any enemy guards.

snuff out умереть
	Did you hear old Charlie snuffed out last week?

soak out отмочить (грязь)
	You can soak out most marks in this special cleaning liquid.

sob out говорить всхлипывая от рыданий
	She sobbed out her story.

sort out распределять по сортам рассортировывать
	Sort out the washing into white and coloured materials.

sort out улаживать, выяснить
	It's up to the director to sort out difficulties like this one.

sort out дисциплинировать
	The new director was asked to sort the workers out.

sort out расправиться
	Wait till I get you outside and I'll sort you out!

sound out выведывать
	Could you sound the director out on the question of the new appointments?

sow out высевать

space out размещаться с промежутками
	Space out children so that you have plenty of room to move.

space out растягивать (во времени)
	The bank should allow you to space out your payments over several months.

space out быть одурманенным наркотиками
	Jim has spaced out and nothing he says will make sense.

speak out высказываться
	Nothing will be done until more women have the courage to speak out

speak out говорить громко
	Speak out we cant hear you.

spell out читать по складам с трудом
	His handwriting was so bad that I had to spell out what he had written with great difficulty

spell out расшифровать, разобрать (с трудом)
	Get a lawyer to spell out the contract for you so that you understand your responsibilities if you sign it

spell out продиктовать

spew out источать, выделять (что-л. плохое)
	Factories are no longer allowed to spew out black smoke from their chimneys.

spill out быстро выйти
	As soon as the train stopped the crowd spilled out into the station

spill out проболтаться
	At last he felt able to go to the police station and spill out the story of his part in the crime.

spin out долго и нудно рассказывать

spin out экономить
	You should spin out money.

spin out смущать
	All these new ideas have really spun me out I must have time to think

spin out съезжать с дороги
	Suddenly the car spun out and crashed into the fence.

spit out выплевывать
	The child spat out the nasty-tasting medicine

spit out выдавать (секрет)

spit it out говорить, высказывать

spit it out! говорите громче!

spit out говорить яростно, с раздражением
	The dying man spat out a curse upon his murderer.

sponge out стирать губкой

sponge out изгладить из памяти

spread out развертывать(ся)
	The branches spread out like a fan.

spread out a map разложить карту

spread out one's legs вытянуть ноги

spread out разбрасывать

spring out следовать (из чего-л.)

spy out выслеживать разузнавать
	We have to spy out the land.

squirm out of увиливать
	Now you promised to dig the garden for me don't try to squirm out of it!

stake out отмечать границу вехами

stake out заявлять свои права

stake out делать засаду
	Additional police were called in to stake out the hole where the gunman was thought to be hiding.

stake out a claim отмечать границы отведенного участка

stake out a claim закреплять свое право на что-л.

stamp out подавлять уничтожать

stamp out a rebellion подавить восстание

stamp a fire out потушить огонь
	Be sure to stamp the fire out and then cover it with earth fast in case

stamp out штамповать, чеканить
	This machine can stamp out 20000 coins a day.

stand out выделяться, выступать
	That spot stands out against a background.

stand out не сдаваться, держаться
	He stood out for better terms.

stand out удаляться от берега

start out собираться сделать (что-л.)
	He started out to write a book.

start out отправляться в путь
	He started out for work an hour ago hasn't he arrived yet?

start out начинать
	I started out to make the dress by myself but in the end I had to ask for help

start out начинать говорить
	The chairman started out by allacking the first speaker

start out (as/in) начинать профессиональную деятельность
	When did you start out as a lawyer?

start out взбудоражить
	The explosion started the whole population of the town out of their sleep.

stay out не возвращаться домой
	Who gave you permission to stay out all night?

stay out отсутствовать

stay out пересидеть (других гостей)

stay out не иметь дела
	I always try to stay out of other people's affairs that don't concern me.

steal out улизнуть

step out ненадолго выходить
	He's not in the office he's just stepped out for a breath of fresh air.

step out шагать большими шагами, прибавлять шагу
	She steps out so actively that I have difficulty keeping up with her

step out мерить шагами
	Step out ten feet and then put a marker in the ground

step out развлечься
	She's really stepping out these days isn't she?

step out on быть неверным
	No one told him that she had been stepping out on him for over a year.

stick out высовывать(ся), торчать

stick out one's chest выпячивать грудь

stick out мириться терпеть держаться до конца

stick out бастовать
	The miners are determined to stick out until they gel their demands

stick out быть заметным
	The house stuck out because of its unusual shape.

stick out for настаивать на чем-л.
	You may have to stick out for your pay rise longer than you expected.

stink out выгонять, выкуривать
	If the rats won't eat the poison or gel caught in the traps we may have to stink them out with this special chemical that animals hale.

stop out продолжать забастовку
	All the workers are stopping out until their demands are met

stop out вычитать из зарплаты
	Income tax is usually stopped out of your wages so you never get the whole amount.

straight out напрямик, прямо

stretch out протягивать
	You can stretch this rubber out to twice its length

stretch out удлинять шаг

stretch out растянутся
	He stretched himself out on the sands.

stretch out растягиваться (о времени)
	The years ahead seemed to stretch out for ever.

strike out вычеркнуть
	Strike out the witness's last remark it has no place in the court record

strike out изобрести, придумать
	We should strike out a new idea.

strike out энергично двигаться (при плавании)
	He stroke out for the shore.

strike out не удаваться, потерять возможность
	You really struck out that time didn't you!

string out растягивать(ся)
	The programme was strung out too long.

study out выяснить, разобрать

suck out высасывать

suck advantage out of smth. извлекать выгоду из чего-л.

sue out выхлопотать (в суде)

sweat out вымогать, вымаливать

sweat out избавляться

sweat out a cold пропотеть чтобы избавиться от простуды

sweat out выдерживать (до конца)

take out вынимать
	take out your pencils выньте карандаши

take out удалять, выводить (пятно)
	You should take out a tooth. The editor took out this word.

take out выводить (на прогулку)
	He took me out for a walk.

take out выходить, выезжать

take out пригласить (в театр, ресторан)
	He never takes me out.

take out брать с собой

take out выписывать (цитаты)

take out забирать, получать
	
	
take out получать (права)
	He took out a driving licence yesterday.

take out разрушать, уничтожать

talk out исчерпать тему, дойти до сути
	Let's talk this out before we do anything.

talk out выяснить что-л. в ходе беседы

talk out говорить громко чётко

talk out of отговорить, разубедить
	He talked me out of taking the trip.

tear out вырывать
	I tore out the bush by the roots. The telephone wires have been torn out so we can't call the police.

tear out отнимать, выхватывать

tease out чесать (шерсть)

terrify out of потерять голову от страха
	They were terrified out of their wits. I was terrified out of my mind giving my first public performance.

test out проверить, испытать
	The model must be tested out before we put the product on sale. Working in the new school gave him a chance to test out some of the latest ideas in education.

thaw out таять
	Use the ice quickly before it thaws out.

thaw out размораживать

thaw out смягчаться, становиться дружелюбней
	He has thawed a bit after a glass of wine.

thin out редеть, сокращаться
	By the evening the crowd thinned out.

thin out пустеть (о помещении)

thin out прореживать 
	I want to thin out flowers on the flowerbed.

thin out отводить войска
	

think out продумать до конца
	We should think out a plan. I've got to think this out.

think out a puzzle отгадать загадку

thrash out тщательно обсуждать
	We should thrash out a subject.

throng out выйти толпой

throw out of gear выключить передачу

throw out the bill отклонить законопроект

thrust out выгонять, выселять 
	The police thrust him out of his house.

thrust out высовывать
	Don't thrust out your head!

thrust out протягивать
	She thrust out her hand when I slipped and fell down.

thrust out выпячивать
	He was so proud that thrust out his chest.

thump out выстукивать (мелодию)
	It hurts Jane's sensitive ears to hear other people thumping out a tune on her piano.

thunder out выкрикивать, скандировать
	The crowd thundered out its support of the speaker's opinion.

tide out выходить из гавани с отливом

tidy out прибирать, вычищать
	It has taken us the whole day to tidy out the garage.

tidy out убирать ставить на место

tip out вываливать(ся)

toe out ставить ноги носками врозь

toil out истощать тяжёлым трудом

toil out достигать тяжёлым трудом

top out достигать высшего уровня

top out завершать строительство каркаса (здания)

toss out выбрасывать
	Toss out the garbage when you go out.

trace out набрасывать (план, рисунок)
	With his finger he traced out the shape of the buildings in the sand.

trace out намечать себе план действий
	He traced out a line of conduct.

trail out продлевать, затягивать

trample out затоптать
	Before left the camp he trampled out the fire.

tread out давить (виноград)

tread out затаптывать (огонь)

tread out подавлять

tread out протаптывать (тропу)

trick out искусно или причудливо украшать
	Look at the way she has tricked her daughter out for the wedding!

trickle out вытекать струйкой, капать
	Even after the lid was put on some water still trickled out.

trickle out расходиться, исчезать
	People began to trickle out soon after the beginning of the speech and soon there were very few left.

trickle out просачиваться, становиться известным
	The news trickled out.

trig out держать в порядке
	Is his office all trigged out ready for the new director?

trip out отключаться под влиянием наркотика
	Have you ever tripped out?

trot out идти крупной рысью

trot out показывать (товары)

trot out представлять на рассмотрение

trot out щеголять (чем-л.)

try out испытывать, тщательно проверять
	They want to try out a new plane.

try out пробовать, отбирать

try out пытаться сделать

tucker out утомлять до изнеможения

tucker out выматываться

tumble out упасть, свалиться
	He tumbled out of the window. Luckily it was the first floor.

tumble out бросать, опрокидывать
	The accident tumbled the passengers out of the car.

tumble out двигаться в беспорядке

tune out выключать

tune out отключиться, не замечать окружающего

turn out выворачивать (карманы)
	to turn out one's pockets вывернуть карманы

turn out выворачивать наружу
	

turn out стоять носками наружу

turn out гасить (свет)

turn out выключать (газ)

turn out выгонять, увольнять, исключать

turn out отказывать в доверии

turn out выходить, отправляться
	The whole town turned out to see it.

turn out вызывать
	Turn out the guard, he shouted.

turn out прибывать являться собираться

turn out вставать (с постели)
	Tomorrow I need to turn out at five o'clock.

turn out прекращать работу, бастовать

turn out наводить порядок
	Today you should turn out your room.

turn out украшать, наряжать

turn out закончиться (с таким-то результатом)
	How did the game turn out?

turn out стать, оказаться
	He turned out an excellent actor.

usher out вывести, проводить
	I will ask the servant to usher you out.

venture out выходить на улицу в плохую погоду
	I'd rather not venture out in pouring rain if I don't have to!

vote out провалить (предложение), не выбрать (кого-л.)
	After so many years' service it was a shock when the chairman was voted out.

wait out переждать
	We waited out the storm all night and made our way into the harbour in the morning.

walk out выходить
	I think I'll walk out for a little while to get a breath of fresh air.

walk out забастовать
	The electricians have walked out and will stay out until their demands are met.

walk out on покидать, оставлять, бросать
	You can't walk out on your family at a time like this.

walk out on не выполнять, отказываться от обязанностей
	You can't walk out on the contract or you could be taken to court.

want out хотеть выйти
	The dog wants out. Let's go for a walk.

wash out смывать(ся)
	I can't seem to wash out that ink that got onto the tablecloth.

wash out бросить, махнуть рукой на что-л.

wash out размывать
	Heavy rain washed out three important roads overnight.

wash out полинять

wash out чувствовать себя изможденным
	You seem all washed out what's the matter?

wash out провалить (на экзамене)

wash out признать непригодным (к военной службе, полету)
	How many pilots in training were washed out in the last examination?

watch out остерегаться
	watch out осторожно!

way out выход из положения

wear out изнашивать(ся)

wear out истощать(ся) (о терпении)

wear out состарить

wear out изнурить

weather out выдерживать (испытание)

weed out удалять, вычищать, отбирать

week out беспрерывно

weep out выплакать

weep oneself out выплакаться

weigh out отвешивать, развешивать

weigh out sport взвешиваться после соревнования

wet out промочить

wet out промывать

wheeze out прохрипеть

whip out выхватить (оружие)

whip out выскочить сбежать

whip out выгнать плетью

whip out произнести (что-л.) резко и неожиданно
	He whipped out a reply.

win out преодолеть все трудности, добиться успеха

wipe out вытирать протирать (внутри)

wipe out смывать (обиду)

wipe out уничтожить (противника)

write out переписывать
	to write out fair написать начисто

write out выписывать
	I'll write out a check.

write out to write oneself out исписаться

yank out вытащить, выдернуть
	This tool is for yanking out old nails from the boards.

yell out выкрикивать

zonk out одурманить (наркотиком)

zonk out напиться

zoom out давать изображение мелким планом

