all over the shop разбросанный повсюду в беспорядке

battle over бороться за
	People whose marriage has ended often battle over the children.

be over приходить в чей-л. дом
	I'll be over later this evening.

be over заканчивать(ся)
	We all thought that the war would be over by Christmas. The rain will soon be over.

be over оставаться
	Is there any cake over from the party? There might be a few pieces of cloth over when I've finished making the dress you can have them.

be over and done with быть полностью законченным
	You've come too late for the game it's all over and done with.
	
be over тратить много времени на что-л.
	Will you be long over that report? Don't be all night over finishing your book.

it's all over with someone он умер
	It's all over with Mother I'm afraid she died this morning.
	
bend over наклониться

bind over обязывать

bind over to appear обязывать явиться в суд

bind over to keep the peace обязывать соблюдать общественное спокойствие

blanch over обелять выгораживать

blow over миновать, проходить
	I hope your troubles will soon blow over. The storm will blow over soon.

blow over прекращать дуть
	The storm has lasted a long time it should soon blow over.

blur over замазывать, затушевывать (ошибки, недостатки)

boil over перекипать
	Turn off the gas the milk is bailing over

boil over негодовать, возмущаться
	The trade union chief boiled over when the men voted against him.

boil over выходить из-под контроля и превращаться в
	The small argument boiled over into a serious quarrel.

bowl over сбить
	Someone ran round the corner and nearly bowled me over. In the accident the car bowled over three times but the driver escaped unhurt.

bowl over привести в замешательство
	Your sudden news has quite bowled me over.

break over слышаться поблизости (о звуке)
	The young singer was pleasantly surprised when waves of cheering broke over her at the end of her first performance.

bridge over строить переправу
	We shall have to bridge over the stream with these boards of wood.

bridge over преодолевать что-л.
	We must find a way to bridge over the difficulties. This money should bridge you over till next month.

brim over переливаться через край
	You've filled the glass too full it's brimming over. Mary was brimming over with joy. He brims over with health.

bring over переубедить, привлечь на свою сторону
	We must bring the rest of the committee over to our point of view.

bring over приводить с собой
	Why don't you bring your new boyfriend over one evening? We'd like to meet him.

bring over перевозить кого-л. в другую страну
	When are you going to bring the rest of your family over?

bring over перенести что-л. на другой борт
	Bring the sails over the wind has changed.

brush over говорить не придавая этому большого значения
	The chairman brushed over the question of your appointment.

build over застраивать
	The fields where I played as a child have been built over.

buy over подкупать, переманивать на свою сторону

call over делать перекличку
	The teacher began to call over the names on his list.

carry over перевозить

carry over переносить (в другой текст)
	When you add up the money at the bottom of the page carry the total over onto the next page.

carry over переносить что-л. на другую дату
	The concert will have to be carried over till next week because the singer is ill.

carry over (from, to) остаться (с прошлых времен)
	The habit carries over from my childhood. His influence carried over to the musicians who copied him.

carry over переходить
	The money will carry over to his children. The rights to the property carry over to the buyer.

cast over покрывать
	Her eyes were cast over with sorrow.

change over менять(ся) местами
	Can we change over? I'd like to sit in the sun too. If you change the words over the sentence sounds better.

change over (to) переходить на что-л.
	In 1971 Britain changed over to decimal money. The chairman decided to change the factory over to bicycle production.

check over обследовать состояние здоровья
	I asked the doctor to check me over.

cloud over заволакиваться
	The sky has clouded over we shan't see the sun again today.

cloud over затемнять(ся)
	The windows have clouded over in the steam. The mist has clouded the windows over.

cloud over омрачаться
	Mary's face clouded over when she heard the bad news about her mothers operation.

come over переезжать, приезжать
	Why don't you come over to our place one evening?

come over переходить на другую сторону

come over получать преимущество

come over охватить, овладеть
	Suddenly I saw a tiger and a fear came over me.

come over быть понятым
	Did his speech come over?

come over менять мнение
	Don't worry about the chairman he'll soon come over (to our opinion). Many members of the opposition are coming over to our party.

come over постепенно изменяться (о погоде, небе)
	The sky came over dark while I was working.

cover over скрыть, прикрыть
	The policeman covered the dead body over. You'll have to cover over the hole in the broken window until you can get the new glass. The ground was covered over with snow.

creep over накапливаться, постепенно появляться
	Fear crept over me as I stood in the empty house. Sleepiness crept over the children as night came.

cross over переходить, пересекать, переезжать
	Cross over at the traffic lights where the road is safe. He crossed over to the window to see if it was still misty. If we had a boat we could cross over to the island.

cross over сменить политическую ориентацию
	The Minister has threatened to cross over to the other side if the government refuses to accept his decision. The politician crossed over and joined the Opposition.

crow over восторжествовать над кем-л.
	Our team are crowing over their victory.

cut over вырубать лес
	The forest will cut over soon.

deliver over передавать

double over складывать вдвое
	Double the map over so that we can read it more easily.

double over скрючить(ся) (от боли, смеха)
	Mary doubled over when Jim walked in wearing his funny clothes.

draw over переманивать на свою сторону

fall over споткнуться обо что-л.

fall over увлекаться

fall over oneself лезть из кожи вон

fetch over приводить домой
	Why don't you fetch your new boyfriend over one evening? We'd like to meet him.

fetch over переубедить
	We must fetch the rest of the committee over to our point of view.

fix over ремонтировать, переделывать
	Can the garage man fix over the engine? I think I can fix the dress over so that the hole doesn't show.

flow over не влиять
	All her complaints just flowed over him leaving him quite unconcerned.

fly over перепрыгнуть через

fly over перемещать(ся) по воздуху
	I think I'll fly over and see my relatives in the next State. We'll fly the director over for a meeting with our leading businessmen.

from over из-за
	This beautiful flower came from over the sea.

gain over переманить, убедить
	The new leader's popularity gained over many members of the opposing party.

get over перейти, перелезть, переправиться
	How can we get over? The traffic's so busy.

get over оправиться
	It always takes some time to get over the shock of someone's death.

get over преодолеть (трудности)
	The committee will have to find means to get over the difficulty.
	
get over покончить, разделаться

get over пройти (расстояние)

get over привыкнуть к, свыкнуться с мыслью о
	I cant get over your news I would never have thought it possible!

get over пережить что-л.

get over smb. перехитрить

get over становиться понятным
	It takes an experienced politician to get such an unpopular message over.

glance over пролистывать
	I've only had time to glance over your work but I can already see how much it has improved.

go over переходить (на другую сторону)
	It's dangerous here with bullets going over our heads all the time. I hear that a leading politician is thinking of going over to the other party.

go over перечитывать, повторять
	We must go over the account books together there's still some money missing.

go over изучать в деталях
	We went over the house thoroughly before buying it.

go over превосходить

go over быть отложенным (о проекте закона)

go over превращаться (химия)

go over опрокинуться (об экипаже)

go over чинить, чистить
	I've asked the garage people to go over my car thoroughly before I start my long journey.

grow over зарастать
	When we returned from our holidays after only three weeks the whole garden was grown over with strange plants with wide leaves and long roots.

hand over передавать (другому)
	Hand your cases over to the doorman he will see that they are delivered to your room.

hand over сдавать(ся)
	The escaped criminal was handed over to the police.

hand over передавать полномочия
	The command of the ship was handed over to her new captain at a small ceremony this morning.

hang over нависать
	fig. грозить угрожать
	I hate to have unfinished work hanging over me.

hang over остаться незаконченным

hash over говорить о чем-л. подробно
	Hasn't the committee finished hashing over the question yet?

have over приглашать
	When are we going to have the Millers over?

have over подходить к концу (чего-л. неприятного)
	Don't worry you'll soon have your operation over (and done with).

head over heels вверх тормашками

be head over heels in work заработаться

heal over заканчиваться (о ссоре)
	It was a long time before the bitter quarrel between the two families healed over with the marriage between two of their children one from each family.

help over выручить
	Thank you for helping over that difficult matter.

hold over откладывать, медлить
	The concert was held over till the next week because of the singers illness. The actors cannot he held over without additional pay.

hold over откладывать (про запас)

hover over пугать
	The fear of dismissal has been hovering over me ever since the director's warning.

hurry over сделать кое-как

jump over перепрыгнуть

keel over опрокидывать(ся), неожиданно упасть
	The ship keeled over when it hit the rocks and sank to the bottom with all its passengers and sailors.

knock over сбивать
	Jim was knocked over by a bus but not seriously hurt.

knock over удивлять
	The unexpected news fairly knocked me over.

knock over легко поражать противника
	We should be able to knock the other team over without any trouble.

knock over красть
	Where did you get all those watches?

lap over перекрывать, выходить за пределы (чего-л.)
	This mat is too big for the room it laps over at the edges.

laugh over обсуждать в шутливом тоне
	How we laughed over Jim's postcard from his seaside holiday!

lie over быть отложенным
	We'll have to leave the question lying over till next week.

look over просматривать

look over не заметить

look over простить
	I'll look over your carelessness this time but be more careful in future.

look over тщательно изучать
	We must look the school over before sending our son there. Give me time to look your suggestion over.

look over иметь вид на
	My window looks over the garden.

make over передавать, жертвовать
	He made over his house for use as a hospital in the war.

make over переделывать
	The garage has been made over into a playroom. It'll cost a lot of money to make the room over.

move over отстраниться, отодвинуться
	There's room for three if you move over.

move over уступать позицию
	Uncle felt that he should move over in favour of a younger man.

niggle over спорить по мелочам

part over расставаться по причине
	After years of marriage the husband and wife parted over his relationships with other women.

pass over проходить, переправляться, пролетать
	As we were standing in the garden three planes passed over the house. The new road will pass over the dangerous railway crossing.

pass over передавать

pass over умереть
	I'm sorry to hear that your favourite uncle passed over last week.

pass over пропускать, оставлять без внимания, обходить молчанием
	Don't pass any detail over. No chance to improve conditions should be passed over.

pass over быстро проглядеть, пробежать (глазами)
	The new road will pass over the dangerous railway crossing.

pass over dry-shod перейти не замочив ног

peep over выглядывать поверх чего-л.
	He held his son above the level of the wall so that he could peep over.

plaster over скрывать (недостатки, разногласия)
	We can try to plaster over the disagreement in the union. You can't hide lack of unity in the party by plastering over the cracks.

play over переиграть (игру, пьесу)
	The judge ordered them to play that point over.

pop over заглянуть, заскочить
	Why don't you pop over and see us one weekend?

pop over занести
	I'll pop your book over as soon as I've finished reading it.

pour over переливать(ся)
	The river poured over its banks. Pour the meat juices over the meat.

pour over переваливать через
	Enemy soldiers poured over the broken walls.

pull over надевать через голову
	This garment has no buttons and has to be pulled over your head.

pull over перетаскивать, перетягивать

push over опрокидывать валить
	The boy running round the corner nearly pushed the old lady over.

put over сообщить
	How can I put such an unpopular message over (to the crowd)?

put over произвести впечатление, добиться успеха у публики
	The politician was able to put himself over (to the voters)
	as a suitable leader.

put over откладывать
	We shall have to put the garden party over until the weather is fine.

put over завершить (что-л.), достичь цели
	I put over all my goals.

put over обмануть
	That class will never succeed in pulling anything over the new teacher he's too experienced.

puzzle over ломать голову над чем-л.
	After hours of puzzling over the book it suddenly made sense.

rake over пройтись граблями

rake over вспоминать (что-л.) в разговоре
	Let's not rake over things that we would rather forget.

read over прочитать вновь еще раз
	Let me read that over. Although I read the instructions over several times I still could not follow them.

read over изучать тщательно
	I'll give you my opinion when I've had time to read the book over.

roll over перекатывать(ся), переворачивать(ся)
	The car hit a lamppost and rolled over twice before coming to a stop. The policeman rolled the body over...

roll over ворочаться
	Every time I rolled over I woke up because of my wounded knee.

roll over опрокинуть (кого-л.)

row over легко победить в гонке

run over переливаться через край
	The bathwater is running over!

run over выходить (за некоторый предел)
	We've tried to keep the cost of the repairs in the original sum but we may run over by a few pounds.

run over задавить (кого-л.)
	Slow down you might run someone over. The train ran over the bus killing nine people.

run over просматривать, повторять
	Just run over your notes before the examination.

run over пробегать (глазами, пальцами по клавишам)

run an eye over smth. окинуть взглядом, просмотреть

run over съездить, сходить
	Will you run over to the shop and get some butter?

run over with быть переполненным (чувством, идеями)
	Students usually run over with inventiveness.

say over повторять
	Do you say your prayers over every night?

score over одержать верх
	We can certainly score over them they don't know what's what.

see over подробно осматривать
	May we see over the house?

send over пересылать
	When the visitors arrive at your office would you send them over (to mine)? I would have gone but they sent a message over to say that there was a delay.

send over передавать
	They send the criminal over to the police.

set over ставить во главе
	I've not been happy in the company since a new director was set over me.

sew over заштопывать
	to sew over a tear заштопать дыру

shove over опрокидывать, валить
	The boy running round the corner nearly shoved the old lady over.

show over показывать
	The director shows the students over the newspaper building himself.

sign over передавать (право, собственность)
	The building will be signed over to its new owners on Monday.

skate over избегать (темы)
	Every time we come to that particular matter the chairman skates over it.

skip over перепрыгивать, перескакивать
	She skipped over water.

skip over бегло просматривать
	Let's skip over the first few things on the list and get to the really important matters.

slide over слегка касаться
	The politician tried to slide over the delicate subject.

slip over обмануть
	You'll never slip that old trick over our chairman he knows too much.

slobber over сюсюкать
	I do dislike the way she slobbers over those cats.

slop over литься через край
	Don't fill the cup too full the coffee might slop over.

slop over проливать, выплескивать
	As she fell she slopped the wine all over his shirt.

slop over сюсюкать, нянчиться
	Every time a new baby arrives in the neighbourhood she has to go and slop over it.

slough over считать маловажным
	The chairman tried to slough over the problems in the contract because he was keen to get it signed.

slur over замалчивать, принижать значение
	The Minister tried to slur over his department's mistake although it had cost the taxpayers a lot of money.

smooth over сглаживать
	Perhaps a gift of flowers will help to smooth your quarrel over.

smooth over преуменьшать (ошибку)
	He was trying to smooth over his own responsibility for the delay instead of accepting his fault.

sort over рассортировывать

spill over перетекать, распространяться
	The cities have grown so crowded that the population is spilling over into new towns

spill over развиваться, превращаться во что-л.
	His keenness to get the job done spilled over into lack of consideration for the workers.

splash over печатать аршинными буквами
	The story of their failing marriage was splashed (all) over the front page.

spread over откладывать
	We may have to spread some decisions over till our next meeting.

stand over оставаться нерешенным
	Let the matter stand over.

stand over наблюдать за чьей-л. работой
	Mother please don't stand over me while I'm cooking you make me nervous.

stay over проводить ночь вне дома
	We need two days for the journey staying over at a small town on the way.

stop over остановиться в пути сделать остановку
	Are you allowed to stop over without additional cost?

stop over проводить ночь не дома
	We need two days for the journey stopping over at a small town on the way.

sweep over охватывать (о чувствах)
	Uncontrollable anger swept over Jim when he learned how Mary had been treated.

swim over переплыть

switch over переключать(ся)
	The power machine will be switched over at midnight

switch over менять места меняться местами
	Can we switch over? I'd like to sit in the sun too.

swop over менять места, местами
	After a few minutes we'll swap round so that you can have a good view.

tackle over пытаться переубедить

take over принимать (должность, владение)
	After his father retire he took over the family business.

take over (from) наследовать

take over перевозить
	

take over соединять (по телефону)

take over переносить на следующую строчку

take over захватить власть

take over провести, одурачить

talk over обсудить (подробно)

talk over уговаривать, убеждать
	

tell over пересказывать

tell over пересчитывать

think over продумать

thrash over бесконечно обсуждать

throw over бросать, покидать (друзей)

throw over отказываться (от плана, намерения)

throw over свергать

throw over переключать

tick over ехать накатом

tick over работать вхолостую

tick over топтаться на месте

tick over быть открытым (о ночном клубе)

tide over преодолевать
	We will tide over all of difficulties.

tilt over наклоняться

tilt over давать крен (о судне)

tilt over опрокидываться, переворачиваться (о столе)

tip over опрокидывать(ся)
	

topple over опрокидывать(ся), переворачивать(ся)
	I saw the small child topple over and hit her head. The boat toppled over throwing the passengers into the water.

trace over копировать снимать копию калькировать

trail over свисать свешиваться (о волосах нитях)

travel over перебирать (в памяти)
	his mind travelled over recent events он перебирал в памяти недавние события

travel over рассматривать по очереди
	His eyes travelled over the enemy lines.

trip over спотыкаться
	He tripped over a stone and felt down.

triumph over праздновать победу
	Tomorrow we will triumph over our enemy.

triumph over побеждать

try over пробоват,  испытывать

tumble over терять равновесие, спотыкаться и падать
	He and tumbled over a stone. He tried to build a house of cards but it soon tumbled over.

turn over переворачивать
	The big wave turned over our boat.

turn over переворачиваться
	The car turned over.

turn over вращаться
	The engine turns over at 6000 revolutions per minute.

turn over переворачивать, перелистывать
	He quickly turns over the pages of his book.

turn over перебирать
	I need to turn over old letters.

turn over превращать, переделывать

turn over передавать дело другому
	He just turned over the business to his son.

turn over перепродавать

turn over делать оборот (на сумму)

turn over возобновлять, пополнять запасы

turn over обдумывать

turn over заводить (машину)

turn over переносить (слово)

tyrannize over тиранить
	He tyrannizes over his family.

walk over перешагнуть

walk over без труда опередить соперников (на бегах)
	The horse walked over in the third race.

walk over не считаться (с чувствами ), плохо обращаться
	She lets those children walk (all) over her.

warm over разогревать (еду)
	It won't take a minute to warm the soup over for you.

warm over повторять (идеи, мысли)
	He's just warming over ideas he's heard from other people.

wash over переливаться через край
	The waves washed over the sea wall with a loud crashing noise.

wash over приходить на ум
	The thought washed over me that I might never see them again.

watch over охранять
	I've watched over passengers on this line for nearly forty years.

way over чересчур

win over склонить на свою сторону, расположить к себе

wrap over перекрывать

zoom over пролететь, промчаться над
	Just then a whole flight of bombers loomed over the house.

