all through всё целиком, до конца

be through заканчивать
	I don't want anything more to do with you we're through. When you're through with that book will you lend it to me? I'm through with living in this cold place!

be through связаться по телефону

break through появляться (о солнце или луне)
	The sun broke through after days of rain.

break through прорваться, пробиться
	Foreign forces have broken through on the coast.

break through сделать важное открытие
	Scientists think they have broken through in their attempt to find the causes of many major diseases. Now that women have broken through in the field of medicine we can expect more women doctors.

break through проломить
	We had to break through the solid wall to reach the prisoners.

break through преодолеть
	It was difficult at first to break through her quiet manner. We are now flying faster than the speed of sound we've broken through the sound barrier.

breeze through легко проходить тест
	To his own surprise John breezed through his driving test this time.

bring through оградить от каких-л. трудностей
	The doctor brought Mother through a serious illness. Their courage brought the people through the war.

bring through подготовить к экзаменам

bring through спасти жизнь кому-л.
	Can the doctor bring Mother through?

browse through просматривать неспешно выбирать
	I can spend hours just browsing through books in the library.

bumble through прожить неорганизованно беспорядочно
	Mr Green just bumbles through life I don't know how he ever gets anything done.

burst through прорываться
	The clouds rolled away and the sun burst through. The enemy are already bursting through our weakened defences.

button through застегнуть(ся) на все пуговицы
	This coat is easy to take off as it buttons through.

carry through доводить до конца
	He was determined to carry through all his suggestions. We must till help to carry the plan through.

carry through помогать, поддерживать
	Their courage carried the people through the war.

comb through рыскать в поисках чего-л.
	The student spent many hours in the library combing through old books looking for the facts that she wanted.

come through проходить внутрь, проникать
	Just then the branches divided and a small head came through. The leather has worn and the point of the knife comes through.

come through остаться в живых
	Bill came through his operation as cheerful as ever. All my family came through the war.

come through выпутаться из неприятного положения

come through появляться (о чем-л. ожидаемом)
	Has the train come through? My examination results will come through by post. Your permission to take a week's holiday with pay has just come through.

come through выясняться
	His ability did not come through when we examined his papers.

come through быть полученным (по радио или телефону)
	The message has just come through on the radio that the general is dying.

dig through прокопать, прорыть

eat through разъедать (о химических элементах)
	The acid has eaten through the metal.

fall through провалиться, потерпеть неудачу
	The plan fell through when it proved too costly.

filter through становиться известным
	Slowly the idea filtered through and at last he understood.

flick through быстро прочитывать, пролистывать
	I've just flicked through your article I'll read it again properly when I've got more time.

follow through следовать (указаниям)
	We have followed your instructions through to the last detail it is important to follow through the exact words of the agreement.

follow through завершать (удар, бросок)
	If you learn to follow through when you first start to play you will increase your skill and style.

follow through пытаться
	After the first victory our army followed through to win every battle.

get through пройти через что-л.
	The snow was so deep that the climbers could not get through to the hut.

get through справиться с чем-л., выдержать экзамен
	How many of your students got through?

get through провести (законопроект)
	We should have no difficulty getting the new law through it has been demanded by the public for some time.

get through пройти (о законопроекте)

get through (to) дозвониться
	I tried to telephone you but I couldn't get through.

get through (to) быть понятым, дать понять
	The politician had difficulty getting his message through (to the crowd).

get through (with) закончить (работу)
	Telephone me when you get through and we'll have dinner together.

get through выживать
	I don't know how poor people get through these cold winters.

get through тратить, использовать
	Jim gets through a lot of beer while watching football on television every Saturday.

get through (with) разобраться с кем-л.
	Wait till I get through with you your own mother won't recognize you!

go through тщательно разбирать пункт за пунктом

go through испытывать подвергаться

go through упорствовать

go through обыскивать

go through проделывать

go through находить сбыт

go through быть принятым (о проекте, предложении)
	Buy now before the tax increase goes through next week!

hurry through сделать кое-как второпях
	The business was hurried through.

jam through протаскивать
	to jam a bill through протащить законопроект

jostle through проталкиваться, протискиваться

line through зачеркивать, вычеркивать

live through пережить
	I doubt if grandfather will live through the night.

lobby through лоббировать
	In spite of opposition from the other parties the changes in the law have been lobbied through.

look through смотреть в (окно)
	The boys watched the football match by looking through a hole in the fence.

look through просматривать что-л.
	I'll look through my notes but I don't think I have a record of his name.

look through видеть кого-л. насквозь
	Every time I try to fool him he looks through me/my tricks

look through не замечать
	I said good morning but she looked straight through me and walked on.

muddle through кое-как довести дело до конца
	The British usually muddle through somehow.

pass through пересекать, переходить, миновать
	I've passed through Bath on my way to Wales but have never stayed there.

pass through испытывать, переживать
	They are passing through times of troubles. The country is passing through troublesome times. The University is passing through a difficult period of change.

pass through пропускать, просеивать, процеживать

pass through продевать

pass through пронзать
	He passed his sword through his enemy's body.

pass through проводить (щеткой, рукой), просовывать
	You'd look neater if you passed a comb through your hair now and again. Passing his hand through the hole he could feel a hard object.

pass through пройти/закончить курс
	He passed through three years of college without realty learning anything.

peep through заглядывать сквозь что-л. выглядывать
	She moved the curtains to one side and peeped through. The moon peeped through the clouds for a moment.

percolate through распространяться, становиться известным
	Slowly the idea percolated through and at last he understood. The news percolated through the village until everyone knew.

percolate through просачиваться сквозь
	Sunlight percolated through the thick leaves.

percolate through процеживать
	You percolate the coffee through this special paper and it takes out the bitterness.

play through выигрывать подряд
	Our team played through right up to the last game and then lost.

poke through проткнуть
	The tops of his shoes had worn so thin that his toes were poking through.

pour through литься сквозь (о свете)
	There's a hole in the roof and the rain is pouring through!

pour through валить сквозь/через (о толпе)
	When the gates were opened crowds of football supporters poured through (them).

pull through выжить
	Only after several weeks were the doctors certain that mother would pull through.

pull through спасти(сь) от (опасности и т. д.) выпутать(ся) преодолеть (трудности)
	We shall pull through somehow мы уж как-нибудь вывернемся

push through проталкивать(ся), пробиваться
	The crowd was so thick that I had to push through (a mass of people)
	to reach my friend.

push the matter through довести дело до конца

push through помочь пройти испытание
	We shall need all the votes to push the new law through. His sister was a great help in pushing the student through.

put through выполнить, закончить (работу)
	The director put the business deal through very quickly.

put through соединять (по телефону)
	Can you put me through to this number?

put through принимать (закон)
	We should have no difficulty in putting the new law through Parliament.

ram through протащить (закон)
	Changes in the law were rammed through Parliament by unprincipled politicians.

rub through перенести (трудности)
	There's a difficult time ahead but we'll rub through somehow.

run through (with) прокалывать, проткнуть, пронзить
	I've run my finger through with the needle.

run through промотать (состояние)
	How can you have run through so much money so quickly?

run through бегло прочитывать, просматривать
	Let's run through the whole play from the beginning.

run through продевать
	Will you run a thread through an eyelet?

run a comb through one's hair провести расчёской по своим волосам

run a pen through smth. зачеркнуть что-л. ручкой

sail through успешно справиться с
	I've had a good day sailing through my work with unexpected ease.

scrape through пробираться, протискиваться
	Our dog used to escape by scraping through the bars of the fence.

scrape through еле выдержать (экзамен)
	Jane got into the music school by scraping through the examination.

search through искать, рыться
	I spent ten minutes searching through the drawer for the key and it was in my bag all the time! Police with dogs are searching through the woods for the missing child.

see through видеть насквозь
	I see through your little game. He's a poor liar anyone can see through him.

see through доводить до конца
	We must see this plan through now that we've started it.
	
see smb. through smth. помогать кому-л. в чем-л.

see through быть присутствовать (где-л.) с начала до конца
	I'd much rather see the film through from the beginning.

see through помогать, поддерживать
	This money should see you through till the end of the month. This money should see you through the week.

seek through обыскивать (место)

shine through светить, проходить сквозь (о свете)
	The curtains are so thin that the light shines through.

shine through быть понятным
	She could not find the right words but her meaning shone through. Her continuing courage shines through all her actions.

shoot through уйти, убраться
	It's getting late so I think I'll shoot through.

shove through проталкивать(ся), пробиваться
	The crowd was so thick that I had to shove through (a mass of people)
	to reach my friend.
	
shove the matter through довести дело до конца

shove through помочь пройти испытание
	We shall need all the votes to shove the new law through. His sister was a great help in shoving the student through.

show through проступать, просвечивать (сквозь)
	The old dog was so thin that his bones showed through his skin.

show through сквозить (о качестве, чувстве)
	Whatever part he is playing his own character still shows through.

silt through просачиваться

sit through выдержать, высидеть до конца
	Jane's parents sat through the first part of the school concert waiting to hear their daughter sing.

skin through протискиваться через
	The cave is very narrow ahead but we should be able to skin through.

skin through с трудом пройти (испытание)
	Some of you passed well but most of you only skinned through (the examination).

skip through бегло просматривать
	I skipped through the first part of the book eager to get to the exciting bits.

soak through промачивать (о дожде), промокать
	This coat was supposed to keep rain out but the water has soaked through. The children came in soaked through so we put them in a hot bath.

squeak through еле протиснуться
	The walls of the cave come to a narrow point just ahead but I think we can squeak through

squeak through с трудом преодолеть
	Some of you deserved lo succeed and others only squeaked through.

squeeze through с трудом преодолеть
	Jane got into the music school by squeezing through the examination.

strike through зачеркивать
	Strike that last word through I've changed my mind.

sweep through легко преодолевать
	John thought that he would fail his driving test again but this time to his own surprise he swept through

sweep through проноситься
	Tropical fevers can sweep through whole populations in a remarkably short time.

talk through one's hat говорить вздор

think through продумывать до конца
	Now that we've thought the matter through can we come to a decision?

thrust through пробиваться
	New shoots are thrusting through.

thumb through пролистать, просмотреть
	He thumbed through a book.

wade through одолеть (трудное, скучное)
	He wades through a dull book.

wade through идти с трудом (по песку, снегу)
	He waded through the mud.
	
wade through пробиваться
	The moon waded through clouds.

walk through переходить
	Walking through the forest one day we found a strange little hut that no one had ever seen before.

walk through репетировать (сцену)
	Shall we walk through Act One so that you get used to the movements?

walk through легко справляться с
	John thought that he would fail his driving test as usual but this time to his own surprise he walked through it.

waltz through легко осуществлять
	To his own surprise John simply waltzed through his driving test this time.

weather through выдерживать (испытание)

wet through промокший до нитки

win through преодолеть (трудности)

