be up to годиться
	He is not up to this job. He is up to a thing or two.
	
act up to one's promise поступать согласно обещанию

up to вплоть до
	You have to do this up to the middle of January.

up to date современный, новейший

up to now до сих пор

up to par в нормальном состоянии
	His performance was not up to par.

up to scratch на должной высоте в хорошем виде

up to the mark на должной высоте

up to the mark в хорошем состоянии

act up отвечать реагировать, парировать

act up барахлить, плохо работать (о машинах)

act up паясничать, ломаться, капризничать

act up скандалить

add up складывать, находить сумму

all up безнадёжный, пропащий

back up подниматься спиной к склону давать задний ход
	If you can't go up the hill forwards you'll have to back up. If you can't drive up the hill forwards you'll have to back the car up.

ball up приводить в смущение, путать

ball up срывать (дело, план)
	now you've opened your big mouth you've balled up the whole plan открыв свой рот ты сорвал весь план

ball up провалиться на экзамене

balls up напортачить

bang up разрушить, сломать
	He banged up his car in the race.

bang up поранить
	John banged up his knee playing cricket.

bang up сделать женщину беременной
	Some people think it's OK to sleep with a girl so long as you don't bang her up.

bang up ввести заключенного в камеру и запереть дверь
	When they bang you up you don't speak to anyone for hours.

bar up запирать на засов
	When the family left the house for the winter they barred the windows up.

bash up сломать, повредить
	He bashed up his car in the race.

batter up разрушать
	He battered up his car in the race.

be up закончиться
	Bring the boat in now your time is up.

be up встать, подняться
	What time do you have to be up tomorrow?

be up повыситься (в том числе в цене)
	Production is up this quarter. Jane's temperature is up again. Eggs are up again this month.

be up произойти (плохое, необычное)
	Something must be up the children are not usually as quiet as that. What's up? You look pale. I think I know what's up with the washing machine. be up to замышлять что-л.

be up приезжать в большой город
	Are the students up at the university yet? My family are up in London for a few days.

be up представать перед судом
	I'm sorry to hear that the boys are up in court again what's the charge this time?

be up against иметь проблемы
	The firm is up against serious competition from the other company and will have to double our efforts to succeed.

be up for рассматриваться, учитываться, обсуждаться
	How many committee members are up for re-election this time? I've heard that your name is up for the chairmanship.

be up for выставляться на продажу
	How long has that house been up for sale?

be up for представать перед судом по обвинению в чем-л.
	I hear the gardener is up for the robbery at the big house.

be up for grabs драться за тёпленькое местечко
	Since the minister died suddenly his seat in Parliament is up for grabs.

be up to быть способным сделать что-л.
	I'm not up to such hard work in this hot weather. Mother hasn't been up to much recently while her leg was bad. I'm not up to going out tonight I have a headache.

be up to делать (плохое)
	I'd better go into the children's room and see what they're up to. That boy's been up to no good I can tell from the look on his face.

be up to соответствовать (стандарту)
	Your latest effort isn't up to much. Your recent work has not been up to your usual standard. The new film is not up to his last one. Was the hook up to your expectations?

be up to зависеть от кого-л.
	It's up to you to keep the boy out of trouble.

be up to знать о (секретном)
	Don't worry I'm up to all his little tricks.
	
be up зависеть
	It is up to you.

bear up поддерживать, подбадривать
	How could I have lived through Mother's illness without you to bear we up?

bear up держаться стойко
	Alice bore up well under the news of her husband's death.

bear up спускаться (по ветру)
	We'll have to bear up the wind is too strong.

bear up оставаться прочным, не ломаться
	Do you think that the floor will bear up under the weight of the new machinery?

beat up взбивать (яйца)

beat up вербовать (рекрутов)

beat up избивать, обходиться со зверской жестокостью
	The boys robbed the old man and beat him up.

beat up продвигаться против ветра, течения
	When a favourable wind came we were able to beat up.

beat up the quarters of посещать

beef up усиливать, укреплять, расширять, наращивать
	We need new young soldiers to beef up the army. We can't print your article as it is could you try to beef it up a bit?

belt up гнать вдоль (дороги)
	You got here fast! Yes the new car belted along (the road). If you belt down the road you'll get to the shop before it closes.

bid up набавлять цену
	The dealers bid up all the good pieces to keep out private buyers.

bind up перевязывать (раны)

bind up переплетать в общий переплет
	The firm has agreed to bind up the six articles into one book.

bind up связывать
	This problem is bound up with many others.

bind up связывать запаковывать
	Parcels must be properly bound up for posting to other countries.

bitch up безжалостно испортить что-л.
	Why did you have to bitch everything up by telling John about the arrangements I made for his leaving party?

blaze up снова загореться
	The fire blazed up when we thought it was out.

block up закрывать что-л. препятствуя прохождению
	The pipe is blocked up again and there's water all over the floor. You'd better block up that hole in the wall it's letting the cold in.

block up закреплять что-л. с помощью блоков
	You will have to block up the wheel of the car to change the tyre.

blow up начинать дуть
	it looks as if it's blowing up for severe weather.

blow up раздувать
	You'll have to blow up the fire to make it burn.

blow up взрывать
	The soldiers blew up the enemy bridge.
	
blow up the hell перевернуть все вверх дном

blow up взлетать на воздух (при взрыве)
	A chemical factory blew up in the North of England.

blow up бранить, ругать
	Mother will blow you up when she finds her best dishes broken. Mother will blow up at you when she finds her best dishes broken.

blow up выходить из себя

blow up увеличивать
	The photographer blew the picture of the child up and entered it for a national competition.

blow up усиливаться (о ветре)
	There was a storm blowing up while we were out at sea.

blow up возникать
	Trouble is blowing up again in the Middle East.

blow up надувать
	Help me to blow up these tyres will you? These plastic balls don't blow up easily.

blow up разрушать, расстраивать
	The lawyer's case blew up because he had no proof. The plan blew up in his face. We'll soon blow up his plan.

blow up раздувать (факты, тщеславие, значение)
	He always blows up his adventures to make them seem better than they were. The crowd blew him up with their praise.

bob up появляться на поверхности, всплывать
	If you try to sink an apple in water it will keep bobbing up.

bob up появляться неожиданно
	Jim bobbed up just when we were sure that he had left.

boil up подогревать еду
	The soup is nearly cold I'll boil it up again for you.

bomb up грузить бомбами
	The pilot gave the order to bomb up. Have all the planes been bombed up?

bone up (on a subject) зубрить (предмет)
	He bones up on Latin.

boost up подпихивать, помогать подняться
	The small girl had to be boosted up onto the large horse.

boost up поддерживать
	The company needs boosting up if it is not to he defeated by its competitors. Jim is not very cheerful he needs a holiday to boost him up.

booze up пьянствовать
	The men spent the whole evening in the pub boozing up.

botch up делать небрежно, портить
	If John botches up his driving test again I doubt if he'll ever pass it. The last electrician botched up this job I hope you can mend the wires.

bottle up сдерживать, скрывать (обиду)
	Bottling up your anger leads to trouble.

box up класть в коробки, запаковывать
	When Harry went to sea his things were boxed up and put in the storeroom. Your books have to be boxed up to send to university.

box up втискивать, запихивать
	It's good to get outside in the fresh air again after being boxed up in the house all winter.

box up портить неумелыми действиями

box up закрывать досками
	You'd better box up the doorway until we can get a new door.

box up смущать, приводить в замешательство
	The sheep were all boxed up running round in circles.

brace up подбадривать
	A walk in this good mountain air will brace you up. Brace up! Your troubles will soon be over.

brace up to быть готовым к трудностям
	You'll have to brace up to your misfortune and get on with your work.

brass up надевать сбрую
	The boys are in the yard brassing up the horses for the show. Come on boys let's get brassing up we must be ready to leave for the horse show in an hour.

brass up платить свою долю
	If everyone brasses up we'll soon have enough. Each member is asked to brass up his share of the cost.

break up разбивать (на мелкие куски)
	We need to break up this into groups and categories. Freezing weather will break up the soil (into smaller pieces). In spring the ice on the Great Lakes breaks up.

break up слабеть

break up расходиться (о собрании, компании)
	The crowd broke up.

break up закрываться на каникулы
	When does your school break up? We break up next week.

break up распускать (учеников на каникулы)

break up расформировывать

break up меняться (о погоде)

break up заканчивать(ся)
	The police broke up the fight. "Break it up!" shouted the policeman. The party broke up when the police arrived.

break up разводиться
	Their marriage broke up. I hear that Jim and Mary are breaking up. It was money trouble that broke up their marriage.

break up чувствовать страх тревогу пугать кого-л.
	The terrible news will break him up. The death of his pet cat broke him up. He may break up under this trouble.

break up позабавить кого-л.
	His story broke me up I couldn't stop laughing. Peter just broke up when we told him what had happened.

breeze up крепчать (о ветре)

brew up заваривать (чай)
	Let's brew up some more tea. The workers are still spending too much time brewing up this practice will have to stop!

brew up постепенно увеличиваться
	I think there's a storm brewing up. There's trouble brewing up at the meeting.

brick up закладывать кирпичами
	The old well was bricked up when it ran dry.

bridle up задирать нос важничать

bridle up выражать негодование
	Mary bridled up when someone said unkind things about Jim.

bring up приводить, приносить наверх
	When the doctor arrives bring him up. Mother says would you please bring up the tea things. The road will bring you up to the top of the cliff.

bring up вскармливать, воспитывать
	My aunt brought up four children. Your children have been well brought up. I don't want your advice I'm bringing them up the hard way so that they won't be helpless in later years. I was brought up to respect the law.

bring up поднимать (вопрос), заводить (разговор)
	Mr Chairman I should like to bring up the question of the reorganization of the committees. Your suggestion will be brought up at the next meeting. There's no need to bring up his past when we are considering him for employment.

bring up делать известным

bring up привлекать к суду
	This is the third time that Peter has been brought up before the court for drunken driving.

bring up вырвать стошнить.
	Jane can't come she's been bringing up all morning. The child has brought up her dinner again.

bring up увеличивать
	Our team have brought up the score.

bring up стать на якорь
	The captain was able to bring the ship up just before it hit the little boat.

bring up неожиданно останавливать
	The horse is running away can't you bring him up? The boy was praised for bringing up the runaway horse.

bring up ругать
	The director brought Jim up for being late again.

bring up against доставлять неприятности
	Things were working well when we were brought up against unexpected delays.

bring up against использовать против
	Your prison record may be brought up against you.

bring up to доводить до
	This sum will bring the total up to $200 exactly.

brush up приводить (себя) в порядок

brush up освежать (знания)
	I must brush up my French.

brush up against неожиданно встретиться с трудностями
	I hadn't thought that we would brush up against so much opposition in this town.

buck up встряхнуться, оживиться
	A good holiday will buck you up. Buck up your troubles will soon be over.

buck up спешить
	Buck up we're all waiting.

buckle up коробиться
	The metal bridge buckled up in the great heat and the cars which were crossing it fell into the river.

buckle up пристегивать ремни в машине
	According to the new law all drivers and passengers must buckle up.

bugger up загубить, испортить, напортачить
	If John buggers up his driving test again I doubt if he'll ever pass it.

build up строить, воздвигать
	Use more bricks to build the wall up.

build up укреплять (здоровье)
	You must build up your strength after your illness.

build up закладывать кирпичом (окно, дверь)

build up застраивать

build up a district застроить район

build up with new blocks of flats застроить новыми домами

build up монтировать (машину)

build up наращивать(ся), накоплять(ся)
	The clouds are building up. Enemy forces have now built up to a dangerous strength. Our hopes for peace are building up.

build up широко рекламировать
	They built him up with a series of articles and broadcasts.

bulb up завиваться (о кочане капусты)

bulk up составлять изрядную сумму

bulk up to доходить до
	Your money could bulk up to a fortune if you save everything you can.

bump up повышать, увеличивать
	Two more good results will bump up your average.

be bumped up быть выскочкой, подняться из низов
	I don't like the new director much he seems to have been bumped up from some more humble position.

bundle up тепло одевать(ся), укутывать(ся)
	The mother bundled the children up against the cold wind. In this cold wind you'd be wise to bundle up well.

bung up затыкать, закупоривать
	The leaves bunged up the hole.

bung up закладывать (нос при насморке)
	My nose is bunged up with cold.

bunk up спать с кем-л. на одной кровати
	Two of the boys bunked up together.

bunk up заниматься сексом с кем-л.
	I'd like to bunk up with you.

bunk up помогать кому-л. подняться
	Bunk me up over this wall.

burn up зажигать
	Put some more wood on the fire to make it burn up.

burn up вспылить, рассвирепеть

burn up сжигать
	All the wood has been burnt up.

burn up сгореть
	The spacecraft burned up when it re-entered in-earth's atmosphere.

burn up ругать кого-л.
	The director burned Jim up for being late again.

burn up рассердить кого-л.
	I get all burned up when I hear how animals are badly treated.

burn up ехать на большой скорости по
	This fast car really burns up the road.

burst up взорваться

burst up потерпеть неудачу, крушение

bust up портить, разрушать
	Those children have bust up the chairs. The travel company's failure bust up our holiday.

bust up ссориться
	Jim and Mary were busting up again last night.

bust up расходиться (о супругах, друзьях)
	I hear that Jim and Mary are busting up. Their marriage bust up. It was money troubles that bust up their marriage.

bustle up торопить(ся)
	Bustle up you children we must be leaving! Can't you bustle those children up? It's time we were leaving.

butter up грубо льстить
	If you butter Father up do you think he'll lend us the car? He was just buttering up to the director to try to get a favour from him.

button up застегнуть(ся) на все пуговицы
	You've buttoned up your coat the wrong way.

button up приводить в порядок войска

button up закрыться, запереться

button up one's mouth хранить молчание

button up one's purse/pockets скупиться

button up подлизываться
	If you butter Father up do you think he'll lend us the car? He was just buttering up to the director to try to get a favour from him.

buttress up by facts подкреплять фактами

buy up скупать
	The company bought up all the other cinemas and so became free of competition.

buy up закупать
	Housewives afraid of running short have bought up all the sugar in the shops.

call up звать наверх
	From the bottom of the stairs Jane called up 'Have you seen my blue bag?'

call up призывать (на военную службу)
	During the war all younger men were called up to fight in the army the navy or the air force.

call up вызывать (по телефону)
	Please call me up tomorrow morning.

call up вызывать в памяти
	The smell of those flowers calls up my childhood. Can you call up any of your thoughts on the subject?

call up представлять на рассмотрение (законопроект)

call up будить
	Please call me up at 7 o'clock tomorrow.

call up вызывать, заставлять появиться
	The strange old lady claims to be able to call up spirits from the dead.

camp up переигрывать, доводить игру до абсурда
	You might offend your hosts if you camp it up at the party in your usual way.

carve up разделять что-л.
	Europe was carved up after World War I.

carve up делить (деньги)
	The thieves carved up the profit from the robbery.

carve up намеренно ранить кого-л.
	Threaten to carve him up if he won't give the money that should make him do it!

carve up перегонять кого-л. на машине
	Yes he does get there sooner but only by carving up the rest of the traffic on the way - one day he'll have a nasty accident.

cash up подсчитывать деньги, выручку
	I'm not ready to go home for a few minutes I'm still cashing up.

cash up давать нужную сумму
	Can the club cash up the money needed to train young players? We need money to train young players: will the club cash up?

cast up извергать, выбрасывать (из воды)
	Pieces of wood are cast up all along this coast. A body was cast up last night.

cast up вскидывать (глаза голову)

cast up подсчитывать
	Please cast up this list of figures for me.

cast up напоминать о чем-л. (неприятном)
	He is always casting up my old failures (at me).

cast up тошнить, рвать
	Jane has cast up her dinner again. Jane has been casting up all morning.

chalk up вести счет (в игре)
	Now we can chalk up another victory for our team.

chalk up вписывать в счет
	I've no money to pay for the beer will you chalk it up (to me)?

change up поменять скорость на большую (в машине)
	When you are going fast enough you'll be able to change up.

chase up настойчиво просить об услуге
	I've had to chase the Gas Board up again about the cooker.

chase up удостовериться в истинности чего-л.
	I'll have to chase up the actual words of the speech that I was reporting.

chat up заговаривать (с целью познакомиться)
	Peter is at his usual tricks again chatting up the girls.

chaw up разбить наголову (врага, противника в игре)
	The speaker chawed up his opponent with some well-chosen words.

check up проверять состояние здоровья
	I asked the doctor to check me up.

check up (on) выяснять
	The police are checking up on him. Check the facts up before you write your report.

cheer up утешить(ся), ободрить(ся)

cheer up! не унывай(те)! не падайте духом!

chock up забить, загромоздить, заставить
	The room was chocked up with furniture.

chock up подпирать
	The driver chocked up the wheels so that the car could not run accidentally down the hill.

choke up засорять, заглушать (сорными травами)

choke up заносить (реку песком), запружать

choke up загромождать

chop up нарезать, крошить
	Ask the man in the shop to chop the meat up for you.

chuck up бросать (дело, службу)
	Jim has chucked up his studies.

chuck up тошнить
	Jane can't come she's been chucking up all morning.

chuck up строить второпях
	The office block looks as if it's just been chucked up.

chuck up тратить что-л.
	Never chuck up a chance to improve your English.

chum up with сблизиться с
	It's good to see your children and mine chumming up so well.

chunk up подбросить топлива

chunk up набрать топлива

churn up сильно крутить двигать
	The heavy wheels churned up the earth.

churn up внушать отвращение
	Your story quite churned me up.

clap up наспех заключить
	They clapped up a bargain.

clean up приводить в порядок
	This room needs cleaning up.

clean up заканчивать начатую работу

clean up jargon сорвать большой куш
	The brothers cleaned up a profit in the property market. It was annoying to lose money on the deal when others cleaned up.

clean up мыть(ся)
	"Wait for me. I have to clean up", said the painter. It won't take me long to clean myself up and then I'll be ready.

clean up улучшать
	The newly elected leader has declared his intention of cleaning up the city council.

clean up добить врага
	Leave a few men behind to clean up the last of the enemy positions.

clean up on извлекать выгоду из
	The company cleaned up on their recent business arrangement.

clean up on побеждать кого-л.
	The fighter cleaned up on his opponent.

clear up прибирать, убирать
	When you've finished your meal please clear up the kitchen.

clear up выяснять, распутывать (дело)
	The police have been trying to clear up the mystery of the man's death.

clear up прояснять(ся)
	The weather should clear up tomorrow and we should have sunshine at last. Her face cleared up when she read the letter.

clear up заканчивать
	I'd like to clear up the rest of the work which was waiting for me after my holiday.

clear up the mess выяснить недоразумение

clew up поднимать паруса
	Clew the two small sails up we need to go faster. The captain asked the sailors to clew up.

clock up отмечать пройденное расстояние
	The old car has just clocked up another 50000 kilometres.

clock up отмечать (успех)
	Now we can clock up another victory for our team.

close up поблизости

cloud up заволакиваться

cloud up затемнять(ся)
	The windows have clouded up in the steam. The mist has clouded the windows up.

clue up about/on информировать о
	Can you clue me up on the club's activities? Michael is all clued up about radio.

cobble up делать небрежно, грубо
	If you give me only a few days I can only cobble up a table for you with more time I can make one properly.

cock up портить, напортачить
	He really cocked it up that time.

cocker up потворствовать, закармливать сладостями
	Cocker up your child and you will come to fear him.

colour up расписывать, приукрашивать
	The sailor always colours up his adventures to please his hearers.

come up подниматься, вырастать, возникать

come up for discussion стать предметом обсуждения

come up всходить (о растении)

come up приезжать (из провинции)
	When do the students come up? Do come up to London and see us. When do the next lot of young soldiers come up?

come up предстать перед судом

come up to подходить
	While I was waiting for the bus a man came up and started asking questions. I could hear footsteps coming up behind me. More soldiers are coming up soon to help in the battle.

come up достигать уровня, сравниваться (to)

come up with нагонять кого-л.

come up наносить визит
	Come up and see me some time.

come up случаться, происходить
	I'll let you know if anything comes up. A change may come up soon.

come up упоминаться
	Your question came up at the meeting His name never comes up in our conversation these days.

come up выигрывать
	Did your horse come up?

come up изменять мнение о (в худшую сторону)
	That politician has come up in my opinion since I heard his last speech.

come up чиститься, проясняться
	The paintwork came up beautifully.

come up важничать
	Don't you try to come up young man!

come up тошнить
	Poor Jane is being sick again this morning that light meal I gave her came up in a few minutes.

come up against встречаться с трудностями
	We are sorry to be late with the goods but we came up against some unexpected delays.

come up for выставляться на продажу
	It was sad to see grandmother's lovely old things coming up for auction. The house comes up for sale next month.

come up to приближаться
	The time is coming up to 10 o'clock.

come up to достигать
	Your behaviour does not come up to the expected standard. The play came up to all our expectations.

come up with догонять кого-л.
	I had to run to come up with her.

come up with сравняться с чем-л. кем-л.
	We shall have to work hard to come up with the other firm.

come up with думать, размышлять
	I hope you can come up with a better plan than this.

come up with a bang вспыхнуть с новой силой

conjure up заставлять появиться как по волшебству
	Jim's sister conjured up a meal in minutes.

conjure up вызывать в воображении
	This music conjures up a picture of flowing water.

coop up see coop in

cotton up to стараться расположить к
	I saw you cottoning up to the new student was he friendly?

cough up отхаркивать
	Jane has just coughed up a fishbone.

cough up проболтаться
	See if you can make the prisoner cough up the names of his companions.

cough up признавать свою вину
	After hours of questioning the prisoner coughed up and admitted that he had stolen the jewels.

cover up спрятать, тщательно прикрыть
	He tried to cover up his guilt by lying.

cover up закрывать
	The child kept kicking the bedclothes off so his mother had to keep covering him up. Cover yourself up it's cold. Cover up the soup to keep it hot.

crack up превозносить, рекламировать

crack up разбиваться (вдребезги), потерпеть крушение
	Engine failure cracked the plane up. John cracked up the car for good in the accident.

crack up стареть, слабеть (от старости)

crack up превозносить
	He's always cracking up the town as very good. His abilities are not what they were cracked up to be

crack up лопаться от смеха
	Mary cracked up when Sim walked in wearing his funny clothes.

crease up сморщиться
	The child's face creased up and soon he started crying. The old woman's face was creased up with age.

crease up помирать со смеху
	Mary creased up when Jim walked in wearing his funny clothes.

creep up накапливаться постепенно увеличиваться
	Darkness was creeping up as the travellers left the forest.

creep up on подкрадываться
	The thief crept up on the jewels. The cat crept up on the mouse.

creep up on постепенно увеличиваться
	Darkness was creeping up on the house. Doubt crept up on me about his truthfulness.

crop up неожиданно обнаруживаться, возникать
	Some difficulties have cropped up so we must work late to deal with them.

crop up выходить на поверхность
	Be careful how you walk in this field there are lots of rocks cropping up.

crop up делать ошибку
	You seem to have cropped up badly on page 34 your facts are wrong.

crunch up размалывать, расщеплять
	This machine crunches the rock up so that it can be used for road building.

crush up размельчить, растолочь, смять
	This machine crushes the rock up so that it can be used for road building.

cry up превозносить, прославлять
	He's always crying up the town where he lives. His abilities are not what they were cried up to be.

curl up скручивать(ся), сморщивать(ся)
	The snake curled up in the long grass. The leaves are curling up in the cold autumn air.

curl up скрутить (о несчастье, горе)

curl up испытать потрясение
	The fighter's well-aimed blow curled his opponent up. The loss of his business just curled him up.

curl up помирать со смеху
	Mary just curled up when Jim walked in wearing his funny clothes.

cut up разрубать, разрезать на куски
	Please cut up the meat for the dog as his teeth are bad now.

cut up раскритиковать
	Her performance was badly cut up in the next day's newspapers.

cut up подрывать (силы, здоровье), причинять страдания

be cut up мучиться, страдать

cut up разрушать
	The town was badly cut up in last night's bombing. The enemy are being cut up in the battle.

cut up буянить
	It's been rawing for a week and the children are really cutting up.

cut up притворяться глупым
	Sim likes to cut up at parties.

cut up for оставить в наследство
	How much do you think he'll cut up for?

cut up rough негодовать, возмущаться

cut up well оставить после своей смерти большое состояние

deliver up сдавать (крепость)

dig up выкапывать, вырывать
	During the war people dug up their flower gardens to grow vegetables.

dig up откапывать
	Where did you dig that idea up? How he always manages to dig up a fresh excuse for being late I'll never know.

dig up сделать взнос, наскрести определенную сумму
	Between us we should be able to dig up enough money for your ticket.

dig up поднять целину

dig up the hatchet начать войну

dim up постепенно зажигать свет (в театре)

dip up вычерпывать

dish up сервировать
	Could you help me dish up the dinner?

dish up уметь преподнести (анекдот)
	Our history teacher has been disking up the same old lessons for twenty years. I hope the next speaker dishes up his arguments in a more interesting manner.

dish up мыть посуду

double up скрючиться, сгибаться
	He was doubled up with pain. His knees doubled up under him.

drag up плохо воспитывать
	The way that child behaves you'd think she'd been dragged up not brought up also fetch up.

draw up составлять (документ)
	The general has drawn up a plan to defeat the enemy. Has your lawyer drawn up the contract yet?

draw up останавливаться
	The carriage drew up before the door.

draw up подтянуться, выпрямиться
	He drew himself up to his full height.

draw up выстраивать(ся)
	The soldiers were drawn up in battle lines. The royal carriage was drawn up outside the palace ready for the Queen's journey.

draw up a deed составлять документ

draw up an inventory произвести инвентаризацию

dream up выдумывать, фантазировать
	Where did you dream up that idea?

dredge up делать производить, затевать (что-л. плохое)
	Please don't dredge up the sad facts of his past. Let's not dredge up that old quarrel.

dress up изысканно одевать(ся)
	Are we going to dress up for the wedding or is it informal?

dress up надевать маскарадный костюм

dress up наряжать(ся)
	Mary was dressed up for the party. We shall dress the room up for Christmas. You can dress these old chairs up in new covers.

dress up переодеваться
	The children enjoy dressing up in Mother's old clothes.

dress up выстраивать солдат
	Dress up the men so that the general can see them.

drink up выпить до дна
	Drink up then I'll refill your glass.

drive up подъехать, подкатить
	Just then a friend drove up and gave me a ride. A police car drove up and stopped outside the shop.

drop up неожиданно зайти к кому-л.
	She said she'd drop up to tea one afternoon.

drum up созывать, зазывать
	to drum up customers зазывать покупателей заказчиков

dry up высушивать
	to dry up one's tears осушить слезы

dry up высыхать, пересыхать

dry up замолчать
	Dry up!

ease up ослаблять(ся)
	The rain should ease up before midday. The danger of war has eased up. When will this pain ease up?

ease up расслаблять(ся)
	I wish you would ease up on the children their behaviour gets worse when you make them nervous. Ease up won't you? We shall get killed at this speed.

ease up потесниться, подвинуться
	Ask the children on the end to ease up some more people want to sit down.

eat up пожирать, поглощать

eat up быстро покрывать расстояние
	The boat was eating her way up towards the wind

eat up разрушать, разбивать (оппонента)
	He was such a clever speaker that he always ate up the opposition. You shouldn't have put the new teacher in charge of that troublesome class they'll eat him up.

eat up ранить чьи-л. чувства
	Is something eating her up? She seems worried.

end up оканчивать(ся), прекращать(ся), обрывать(ся)
	Be careful you could end up by getting hurt.

face up to примириться с неприятным

face up to быть готовым встретить
	Every young father has to face up to his responsibilities. She is too young to face up to the truth about her father.

fair up проясняться (о погоде)
	It's been raining since early morning so it should fair up later this afternoon.

fasten up закрывать завязывать
	He fastened up the box.

feed up откармливать, усиленно питать
	The farmer is feeding up the chickens for Christmas.

feel up to быть в состоянии
	Do you feel up to a short walk?

fetch up рвать блевать
	He fetches up. Jane can't come she's been fetching up all morning.

fetch up нагонять, наверстывать

fetch up останавливаться

fetch up against smth. стукнуться обо что-л.

fetch up довершать, заканчивать

fetch up оказываться в каком-л. месте
	When Jim's driving we never know where we'll fetch up.

figure up подсчитывать
	The bill figures up to $34.78.

fill up наполнять(ся), набивать
	The lake is filling up after this heavy rain.

fill up возмещать (недостающее)
	I have to fill up a form.

fill up заполнять анкету

fire up поддерживать огонь
	The ship's boilers need firing up. The factories are firing up after the holidays.

fire up вспылить
	Mary's temper fired up. Mary fired up when Jim angered her.

fish up вытаскивать (из воды)
	Instead of catching fish all that he fished up was an old boot.

fish up находить
	The proof was fished up from some old papers. Where did you fish that idea up?

fit up отделывать

fit up снабжать, оснащать
	the hotel is fitted up with all modern conveniences гостиница имеет все (современные) удобства

fit up собирать, монтировать
	Please fit the machine up for this afternoon's class.

fit up with находить место для ночлега
	I'll fit you up with a bed at my house. Can you fit me up in a good hotel?

fix up устроить, дать приют

fix up решить

fix up организовать, устранить препятствия

fix up уладить, договориться
	Can you fix up a meeting with the director?

fix up починить, подправить
	The garage man fixed up the old car and sold it at a profit. We shall have to fix the house up before we can sell it.

fix up обеспечивать
	I can fix you up with a good used car.

fix up одеваться парадно
	Do I have to fix up to go to the Websters'?

flame up вспыхнуть, запылать
	The fire flamed out when the wind blew again.

flame up вспылить
	Mary's temper flamed out.

flare up вспыхнуть
	The fire flared up when we thought it was out.

flare up разразиться гневом, вспылить
	Mary's temper flared up.

flare up яростно говорить
	"And don't speak to me like that!" she flared up.

fling up to fling one's arms up всплеснуть руками

fling up упускать
	You shouldn't fling up a chance like that.

fling up бросать
	Jim has flung up his studies.

fling up быстро строить
	Let's use this wood to fling up a shelter for the night.

fling up упоминать
	I don't want his past record flung up in court.

flossy up украшать, прихорашиваться
	Pinn who worked afternoons was usually home by 5 and would then spend a long time flossying herself up.

fold up свертывать, завертывать
	I like to fold presents up in pretty paper

fold up свернуться
	The business finally folded up last week.

fold up скорчиться (от боли, смеха)
	Mary folded up when Jim walked in wearing his funny clothes. The fighter folded up at the sudden heavy blow.

follow up упорно преследовать

follow up доводить до конца, завершать
	The director will follow up the committee's suggestions.

force up повышать
	Prices have been forced up by the poor crop.

fork up раскошелиться
	Every year the tax man expects us to fork up.

foul up портить
	Don't foul up this chance. I hope the chairman won't foul things up we have everything arranged nicely. The post is fouled up by Christmas delays.

frame up подстраивать, подтасовывать

freeze up застыть закоченеть
	The windows are frozen up and I can't open them.

freeze up замкнуться, принять неприступный вид

freshen up освежиться
	Would you like to freshen up? The bathroom is upstairs.

freshen up освежить (идею, текст)
	That regular television play needs freshening up with some new faces.

frizz up виться

fry up пережарить, высушить
	The unusually hot sun has fried up the crops.

fry up подогревать
	We can fry up some of these pieces of cold meal for our lunch.

fuck up портить
	We had great hopes of our team but they fucked up again today.

full up переполненный, битком набитый

furbish up делать более привлекательным
	If you furbish up these old chairs you'll have a better chance of selling them.

furbish up подновлять, ремонтировать
	A married woman returning to teaching needs to furbish up her old skills.

fuss up наряжать
	The director fussed up the stage with too many people. Don't fuss up for the party it's very informal.

gather up подбирать
	to gather up the thread of a story подхватить нить рассказа

gather up суммировать

gather up съежиться, занять меньше места

gather oneself up собраться с силами

gear up ускорять (движение)
	When you are going fast enough you'll be able to gear up.

gear up готовить(ся) к чему-л.
	Are the players geared up for the game? I only feel geared up for work in the mornings.

gee up ехать быстрее (о лошади)
	"Gee up!" he shouted as the horse came near the winning post.

get up вставать, подниматься
	The hill was so steep that the old car had difficulty getting up.

get up садиться (в экипаж, на лошадь)

get up усиливаться (о пожаре, ветре, буре)
	There's a wind getting up. I hope the boats are safe.

get up дорожать

get up подготавливать

get up оформлять (книгу)
	
get up ставить (пьесу)
	The children are getting up a play for next week.

get up гримировать, наряжать, причесывать

get oneself up тщательно одеться, вырядиться
	Mary got herself up in a nice new dress.

get up поднимать (якорь)

get up вспугнуть дичь

get up усиленно изучать
	How quickly can you get up this piece for the concert? I have to get up a talk for the club's next meeting.

get up against раздражать, наживать себе врага
	I hope you don't get up against the director in one of his bad tempers.

get up to доходить до
	The history lessons get up to the year 1642 and then stop

get up to сделать плохое или странное
	Whatever will the students get up to next? Has that cat been getting up to its silly tricks again?

glue up заклеивать, запечатывать

go up подниматься восходить (на гору)

go up in smoke улетучиться

go up расти (о числе)
	
go up повышаться (о ценах)
	Apples have gone up.

go up взорваться, сгореть
	A chemical factory went up in the North of England killing many people.

go up разориться

gobble up поглощать в больших количествах
	The big old car gobbles up petrol. Some students gobble up information as fast as they receive it.

gobble up побеждать
	It's difficult for a small firm not to be gobbled up by big business concerns.

grind up измельчать, размалывать
	This rock can be ground up and used for road building.

grow up созревать, становиться взрослым
	Jane is growing up so fast I think she's going to be a tall woman.

grow up возникать (об обычаях)

hand up подавать снизу вверх
	Hand the paintbrush up to father on the ladder.

hang up повесить
	I will hang up this picture tomorrow.

hang up медлить

hang up откладывать, оставлять нерешенным
	The peace talks were hung up while the representatives spoke to their governments.

hang up отдавать в залог

hang up уставать, утомлять, раздражать
	The boy is badly hung up on the way his mother treated him. Try not to get hung up in too many activities. The girl is really hung up on that musician.

hang up the phone повесить трубку
	 Don't hang up on me I haven't finished talking to you!

haul up поднимать
	If we can get some strong ropes or wires around the sunken boat we might be able to haul her up.

haul up останавливаться

haul up отчитывать

have up приглашать
	I'd like to have the workers' leaders up to my office to express their complaints. We had the whole family up to our home in London to see the Queens crowning.

have up вызывать в суд
	This is the third time that Peter has been had up this year!

head up давать заголовок
	One of my jobs at the newspaper office was to head up the page before it was printed.

heap up провоцировать
	If you always give the children everything they want you will be heaping up trouble for yourself.

help up помочь встать, поддержать
	People rushed to help the old man up when he slipped on the ice.

hold up выставлять, показывать
	He was held up to derision.

hold up поддерживать, подпирать
	My husband has lost so much weight that he has to wear a belt to hold his trousers up.

hold up останавливать, задерживать
	The building of the new road has been held up by bad weather.

hold up останавливать с целью грабежа
	The criminals held up the train and took all the passengers money.

hole up быть в зимней спячке

hole up отсиживаться, прятаться от людей
	After the jewel robbery the thieves holed up in the basement of a friend's house until the police stopped looking for them.

hook up подключать (свет, газ, телефон)
	The cooker has arrived but it hasn't been hooked up to the gas supply yet.

hop up взбираться
	There's room for all of you on top of the cart - hop up!

hop up быть в наркотическом возбуждении
	Some of the greatest drummers could only give their best performances when they were hopped up.

hop up переделывать, улучшать
	Some drivers cheat in the race by hopping up their engines.

house up оставить дома из-за болезни
	I've been housed up for a week with a bad cold.

hunt up отыскать
	I've never heard of that village where you say you were born let me see if I can hunt it up in those old maps at the library.

hush up замалчивать, скрывать, замять
	The President tried to hush up the fact that his advisers had lied.

hype up стимулировать, возбуждать, волновать

ice up обледенеть

be iced up быть затертым льдами

jack up бросить, оставить
	I jacked up my job yesterday.

jack up взбодрить
	He needed a small drink to jack up his failing courage.

jack up ругать
	The director jacked Jim up for being late again.

jazz up подбадривать, действовать возбуждающе
	Let's jazz this party up it's very dull.

join up поступить на военную службу

juice up оживлять
	The writer has thought it necessary to juice up his stories with accounts of his sexual adventures.

jump up вскакивать
	

keep up поддерживать
	I keep up a correspondence with my friends.

keep up держаться бодро

keep up продолжать
	Keep it up!

keep up поддерживать в должном порядке
	How do you keep up a house as large as this without help?

keep up соблюдать, придерживаться
	Our family keep up old traditions.

keep up быть в курсе
	I keep up on international law.

keep up with держаться наравне с

keep up оставаться прежним (о погоде)
	Will the fine weather keep up?

key up возбуждать, взвинчивать
	I was keyed up about the examination.

key up придавать решимость

key up повышать (спрос)

kick up швырять вверх ударом ноги
	He kicked up dust.

kick up поднимать (скандал, шум)
	She kicked up a fuss.

kit up одевать(ся)
	The passengers had kitted themselves up in funny clothes for the dance on the last night of the voyage.

knit up связывать, штопать

knock up ударом подбросить вверх
	Try not to knock the ball up as it will easily be caught and then you'll be out.

knock up поднять, разбудить стуком
	A man used to go around my northern village in the early morning knocking people up by beating gently on the bedroom windows with a long pole.

knock up утомлять, ослаблять

be knocked up утомиться

knock up наспех устраивать, сколачивать

knock up обрюхатить
	If you knock your girlfriend up you'll be in trouble with her family.

knock up against сталкиваться с
	I knocked up against my old teacher in the town this morning.

knock up зарабатывать
	Jim's father knocked up over $10000 last year.

knock up утомлять
	Hours of gardening in the sun have quite knocked me up.

land up забивать грязью
	The pool has got landed up and the fish are dying.

land up становиться
	After gaining two fortunes he landed up poorer when he died.

land up оказываться
	With Sim driving you never know where you're going to land up.

land up достигать
	The business might land up in failure unless more care is taken with the accounts.

land up получать что-л. в конце
	After much effort the writer landed up with a contract.

lap up пить (о животных)
	The cat eagerly lapped up the milk that we offered it.

lap up принимать, верить
	The singer laps up admiration from her public. These clever students lap up all the information that I can give them. How long will the public go on lapping up the lies of politicians?

lead up the ball открывать бал

lead up to постепенно подготовливать
	The newspapers faithfully reported the events that led up to the Minister's dismissal.

lead up to наводить разговор на
	The speaker took far too long leading up to his main point.

level up повышать до уровня

lie up лежать (из-за недомогания)
	Mother was so ill after her operation that she had to lie up for a month.

lie up стоять в стороне, отстраняться

lie up стоять в доке
	My boat has been lying up in the harbour all winter.

lift up воодушевлять
	This sunshine should lift up your spirits a little.

lift up one's voice заговорить

light up закурить (трубку)
	I had difficulty lighting up my cigar in the strong wind.

light up зажечь свет
	Be sure to light up as soon as the sun sets.

light up оживляться, светиться (о лице, глазах)
	Her face lit up with joy when she heard the good news.

light up быть пьяным
	Jim only shouts when he gets lit up.

limber up sport делать разминку
	The team spends half an hour limbering up before each game.

line up выстраивать(ся) (в линию)

line up in opposition дружно выступить против

line up становиться в очередь
	I hate lining up in the cold to go to a cinema.

line up размежевываться

line up подыскать, подобрать
	Will you be able to line up much support for your idea?

line up to line up votes собирать голоса

line up with присоединяться

live up to жить согласно (принципам), быть достойным (чего-л.)
	Children will always live up to your expectations of them.

load up грузить
	Don't load the car up too much when you are going on a long journey.

load up наедаться, напиваться

lock up запирать
	Although the jewels were locked up in a strongbox the thieves stole them without any difficulty.

lock up сажать в тюрьму
	The dangerous criminals have all been locked up.

lock up вложить капитал в трудно реализуемые бумаги
	All his capital is locked up in foreign companies.

lock up утаивать (факты, сведения), скрывать (чувства)
	If you lock up your anger it will only cause trouble later.

log up отмечать (время или расстояние)
	The ship has now logged up voyages equal to a distance ten times round the world.

look up смотреть вверх, поднимать глаза

look up and down смерить взглядом

look up to смотреть почтительно на, уважать

look up искать (в справочнике)
	If you don't know the meaning of a word look it up in a good dictionary.

look up улучшаться (о делах)
	Things are looking up.

look up повышаться (в цене)

look up навещать кого-л.
	While you're in London do look up our old teacher he'll be pleased to see you.

loosen up делать более гибкими (мышцы)
	The team spends half an hour loosening up before each game.

loosen up становиться более разговорчивым, менее застенчивым
	If you don't loosen up soon I shall have to find other ways of making you talk.

loosen up расщедриться
	Do you think the old man will loosen up when we tell him our pitiful story?

loosen up не принимать что-л. всерьез
	Loosen up this isn't a formal occasion.

louse up испортить, исковеркать
	If John louses up his driving test again I doubt if he'll ever pass it.

make up пополнять, возмещать, наверстывать
	You must make up the time that you have wasted this afternoon by working late tonight.

make up составлять, собирать, комплектовать
	These three articles make up the whole book.

make up гримировать(ся)

make up подкраситься, подмазаться
	Fewer women are making up these days many prefer a more natural look.

make up выдумывать
	I couldn't remember a fairy story to tell to the children so I made one up as I went along.

make up устраивать, улаживать

make up мириться
	Let us make it up.

make up шить, кроить
	This shop will make up a customer's own material.

make up верстать
	We need someone with experience of making up a page.

make up подходить, приближаться

make up to подлизываться, подхалимничать

make up укладывать, увязывать
	Can you make up these papers into parcels of about twenty each?

make up исполнять (письменное распоряжение)
	The chemist is still making up the doctor's order and says it will be ready in half an hour.

make up поддерживать огонь
	This wood burns so quickly that we have to make the fire up every hour.

make up an inventory произвести инвентаризацию

make up leeway наверстать упущенное

mar up портить внешний вид чего-л.
	The surface of the table was badly marred up.

mark up повысить цену
	Cigarettes will have to be marked up now that the tax on them has been increased.

mark up записывать на счет
	I've no money to pay for the beer will you mark it up (to me)?

mark up завышать оценки
	Teachers have been given instructions to mark up the weaker students.

measure up to достигать (уровня)

measure up to соответствовать (требованиям)
	The prisoner measures up to the description the police have of the wanted jewel thief.

measure up to оправдывать (надежды)
	I always give new workers a short contract to begin with as I want to see how they measure up.

meet up неожиданно встречать

mew up заключать в тюрьму, запирать

mix up хорошо перемешивать
	The children enjoy mixing up the fruit and nuts in the cake before it is cooked.

mix up спутать, перепутать
	My papers are all mixed up and I was trying to keep them in alphabetical order.

mix up впутывать
	How many more people were mixed up in the shameful harbour matter?
	
be mixed up (in, with) быть замешанным

mock up импровизировать

mop up вытирать, осушать
	You'd better mop up that pool of water on the floor before mother sees it.

mop up поглощать (пищу)

mop up приканчивать, убивать

mop up зачищать (территорию)
	After we have mopped up the last few groups of the enemy we can advance to our next position.

mop up заканчивать (работу)
	I shall be glad to mop up the last of the office work.

move up пододвинуть

move up reserves подтягивать резервы

move up увеличиваться в цене
	The pound moved up a little today on the world money market.

mushroom up расти как грибы

mushroom up быстро распространяться

muster up собирать
	He mustered up his courage. He muster up his strength.

nail up заколачивать
	The windows had been boarded and nailed up to prevent thieves from entering the empty house.

nose up задирать нос (самолета)

notch up записывать (победу)
	That's another win our team has notched up this year!

open up сделать(ся) доступным, раскрывать(ся)

open up relations устанавливать отношения

open up opportunities предоставлять возможности

open up разоткровенничаться

own up откровенно признаваться

own up безропотно подчиняться

pack up упаковывать(ся)

pack up прекращать (работу)
	If I don't find a job soon I might as well pack up.

pack up испортиться выйти из строя (о механизме)
	Halfway up the hill the engine packed up.

pack up умереть

pair up объединяться в пары
	We each paired up with our opposite number from the other school to exchange ideas.

parch up высыхать сохнуть

pass up отказываться от, отвергать
	Never pass up a chance to improve your English.

pass up пройти мимо не узнавая
	I saw Jim in the street but he passed me up.

patch up чинить на скорую руку
	His trousers were patched up and he was ashamed of them.

patch up улаживать (ссору)
	Have Jim and Mary patched up their quarrel yet? The director and the chairman seem to have patched up their differences of opinion.

patch up делать небрежно

patch up подштопать, заштопать, подлечить
	After the car crash the driver was taken to the hospital to be patched up.

pen up запирать, заключать (в небольшом помещении)
	When all the cattle are safely penned up we can stop work for the day. How long have you been penned up in the house by your illness?

pen up контролировать (свои чувства)
	His anger had been pent up for so long that at last he exploded.

pep up усиливать, подгонять, вселять бодрость духа
	What can we do to pep the party up? A holiday will pep you up.

perk up навострить уши
	The dog perked up its ears at the sound of its master's return.

perk up оживиться, воспрянуть духом
	You need a holiday to perk you up. Mary perked up as soon as John's name was mentioned.

phone up звонить по телефону
	Have you phoned up your relatives to tell them the change of date yet?

pick up the phone снять трубку

piece up чинить, латать
	The parts of the scenery have a space between them but we can piece it up with a new bit representing leaves.

pile up нагромождать(ся), скапливаться
	The child piled up the bricks until they fell over. The clouds are piling up so it might rain after all.

pile up накапливать
	to pile up money to pile up arms If you always give the children everything they want you will be piling up trouble for yourself later.

pile up разбиться (об автомашине)
	A bus and three cars piled up on the main road this morning.

pile up наскочить на мель

pipe up заиграть на духовом инструменте
	Suddenly the band piped up a military tune.

pipe up запеть высоким голосом
	I love to hear the boys pipe up in church.

pipe up заговорить высоким голосом
	Suddenly a child piped up asking an awkward question.

pipe up крепчать (о ветре)
	The wind began to pipe up.

play up принимать деятельное участие (в разговоре, деле)

play up рекламировать

play up вести себя мужественно, героически

play up стараться играть как можно лучше

play up to подыгрывать, подлизываться
	Your job as a supporting actor is to play up to the leading character.

plough up взметать (землю о снарядах)

plough up распахивать
	All the fields are now ploughed up.

plough up выкапывать, выдергивать (из земли)
	In this area you might plough up some valuable ancient coins.

pluck up one's heart/courage/spirits собираться с духом

plug up закупоривать, затыкать
	If you will play that loud music I shall have to plug up my ears.

point up заострять, усиливать
	The writer has pointed up his story with an effective use of local scenery. Recent world figures of average incomes point up the ever-widening distance between rich and poor nations.

point up делать грубым, шероховатым
	This wall should be pointed up it will help to make the cement stick.

poke up совать, пихать, толкать
	The room is cold poke the fire up a little.

poke up запереть, похоронить себя
	He poked himself up in a dull town.

pop up неожиданно возникнуть
	Some difficulties have just popped up.

pop up вскочить
	Put the pieces of bread in the machine and when they're cooked they will pop up.

pop up подкидывать (мяч) высоко в воздух
	He's popped the ball up.

power up повышать расход энергии

prang up провалить, испортить
	The organization was poor and they pranged up the whole operation.

prang up обрюхатить
	One of the boys has been careless enough to prang up his girlfriend.

preach up восхвалять

press up теснить

press up толпиться

price up непомерно завышать цены
	Don't buy your camera at that shop they price them up.

prick up ears насторожиться

prove up приводить в качестве доказательства

psych up возбуждать, взвинчивать
	If you can get the committee members psyched up before the meeting we might get some meaningful voting.

psych up психологически подготовиться
	He psyched himself up for the race.

puff up подниматься клубами
	Smoke puffed up from the forest fire.

puff up распухать, вздуваться
	His face was all puffed up.

puff up перехваливать
	I think the newspapers have puffed up her performance she wasn't all that good.

puff up важничать, кичиться, чваниться
	The new girl seems rather puffed up as if she thinks she's too important to talk to anybody.

pull up останавливать(ся)
	The driver pulled the bus up only just in time to avoid hitting the child.

pull up сдерживаться

pull oneself up собираться с силами брать себя в руки

pull up делать выговор
	The director pulled Jim up for being late again today.

pull up идти впереди других (в состязаниях)
	Once he gets his breath he'll soon pull up to the leading runner.

pull up исправлять, улучшать, совершенствовать (знания)
	You'll have to pull up your English.

pump up качать с помощью насоса
	The water for the house is pumped up from a deep well.

pump up накачивать (воздухом)
	You can pump up the tyres by hand or with this special machine.

punch up драться
	I will have no one punching anyone else up in my hotel.

push up увеличивать, повышать
	Shops are no longer allowed to push up their prices whenever they want.

put up поднимать
	Put up your hand if you know the answer.

put up строить, воздвигать
	Do you know how to put up a tent?

put up ставить (пьесу)
	Next year we shall put up "King Lear".

put up показывать, выставлять

put up вывешивать (объявление)
	You are not allowed to put up advertisements on this wall without special permission.

put up возносить (молитву)

put up выставлять на продажу
	After grandmother's death the furniture was put up for sale.

put up повышать (цены)
	Rents are fixed and cannot be put up.

put up вкладывать (деньги)
	If you put up your share Father will put up the rest.

put up паковать
	She put up a parcel for her daughter.

put up консервировать
	Every summer Mother puts up a large quantity of ripe fruit.

put up выставлять свою кандидатуру
	Do you really intend to put up for that seat?

put up выдвигать чью-либо кандидатуру
	I would like to put up that man as the best person for the chairmanship.

put up организовывать, устраивать
	They will put up a resistance.

put up принимать, давать приют
	I can put up two adults but no children.

put up at останавливаться в
	We can put up at the hotel or with friends.

put up with терпеть, мириться
	I can't put up with it any longer. I can put up with anything.

put up выдвигать (аргумент)
	What argument do you have to put up against that?

put up вспугнуть (дичь)
	These dogs are often used for putting up birds.

put up убирать, прятать (вещи)

put up for sale продавать с молотка

race up резко возрастать, увеличиваться
	The cost of living has been racing up in the past year.

rake up сгребать
	We used to help the farmer to rake up the dried grass.

rake up растравлять, ворошить
	Don't rake up the past.

rake up выискивать, выкапывать, добывать с трудом
	Can't you rake up some other players for the team? Lei's see what excuse you can rake up this time.

ratchet up углублять, расширять

rate up увеличивать пропорционально
	The insurance payments have to be rated up for people with poor health.

rattle up растолкать, расшевелить

rattle up с грохотом или быстро поднимать
	The anchor was rattled up in a minute.

reach up вытягивать вверх
	I can get that apple on the high branch if I reach up.

reach up достичь, добиться
	You'll never get anywhere in your job unless you reach up to the highest position in the firm.

read up специально изучать
	I will have to read up on this subject if I am to give a talk about it.

rear up прийти в бешенство, ярость
	The crowd reared up and attacked the speaker.

reckon up подсчитывать
	Reckon up all your money and see if you have enough.

reckon up составлять мнение о
	The new teacher soon had the class reckoned up and was able to control them.

rein up останавливать(ся)

rein up остановить, осадить (лошадь)
	Be prepared to rein up your horse at the word of command.

rein up огораживать от скота

rev up увеличивать скорость число оборотов давать газ

ride up выбиваться, съезжать набок
	Wait a minute while I pin this shirt to stop it riding up.

rig up производить сборку
	Has the boat been properly rigged up with suitable rapes and sails?

rig up снаряжать, строить наспех
	The first thing to do when you're shipwrecked is to rig up some kind of a shelter.

rip up распарывать

rip up вскрывать

rip up old wounds бередить старые раны

rip up рвать
	That dog has ripped this morning's newspaper up again!

rip up разрывать (соглашение, контракт)

roll up скатывать, свертывать(ся), завертывать(ся)
	I kept myself warm by rolling myself up in all the clothes.

roll up внезапно появиться
	He rolled up when it suited him.

roll up увеличиваться, накапливаться
	Club membership has been rolling up for the past few months.

roll up атаковать фланги
	A clever move on our part rolled up the enemy's weak side.

root up вырывать с корнем
	Make sure that you root up the whole bush.

root up рыть землю рылом
	The pigs have rooted up the muddy ground looking for food.

root up выискивать, подыскивать
	I'll see if I can root up some old clothes.

rough up лохматить, всклокочивать
	The wind will rough up my hair.

rough up избивать
	Rough him up a little.

round up округлять
	I'll round the cheque up to $10.

round up сгонять (скот)
	The cattle have to be rounded up and counted.

round up собирать в одном месте
	See if you can round up the rest of the class it's time to go back to the school.

round up окружать, производить облаву
	The police are trying to round up the jewel thieves.

rub up начищать, полировать
	When you have put the polish on the silver rub it up with a clean dry cloth.

rub up освежать (в памяти)
	I must rub up my French before I go to Paris.

rub up растирать (краску)

rub up against столкнуться с
	You rub up against a lot of famous people at Robert's parties.

run up быстро расти, увеличиваться
	The price of coffee is running up all over the world.

run up поднимать(ся)
	Would you run up and get my glasses? The ship has run up the black flag.

run up вздувать (цены)

run up делать (долги)
	Have you been running up bills at the dress shop again?

run up to доходить до
	The bill for the repairs might run up to $300.

run up складывать (столбец цифр)
	Can you run up this list of figures for me?

run up спешно возводить, делать на скорую руку
	I can run up a dress in a day but it won't look properly made.

run up подъезжать, подходить, подплывать

run up against наталкиваться
	I ran up against my former teacher in the shop. The firm ran up against strong competition.

save up делать сбережения копить

scare up отыскать, раздобыть
	Can you scare up another player for the team? Where can I scare up some more paper?

scoop up сгребать, собирать

score up вести счёт
	Now we can score up another victory for our team.

score up записывать на счёт
	Score up a debt to Tom.

scrape up наскрести, накопить по мелочам
	I'm not sure if I can scrape up the price of the plane ticket.

scrape up придумать, выдумать
	What kind of excuse can you scrape up this time?

scratch up наскрести, накопить с трудом
	Tom managed to scratch up a few pounds.

scratch up вырыть, выкопать, извлечь
	That cat has scratched up all my young plants again!

screw up завинчивать, подтягивать (струны)
	Can you screw up this handle for me it is falling off again? You will need to screw the strings up to get them in tune.

screw up подтягивать, укреплять

screw up one's courage набраться храбрости

screw oneself up to do заставить себя сделать

screw up морщить (лицо), поджимать (губы)
	She screwed up her face at the nasty smell.
	
screw up one's eyes прищуриться

screw up напортачить
	When I'd finished the exam I thought I'd screwed up but I found out later that I'd passed.

screw up причинить вред
	If you think your marriage is screwing you up why don't you leave him?

screw up заставлять нервничать
	Waiting for an operation tends to screw most people up.

scrub up мыть руки перед операцией
	The doctor instructed the nurses to scrub up before the operation.

seal up заклеивать, запечатывать
	Let me add a few words to the letter before you seal the envelope up.

seal up замазывать (дыру)
	You'd better seal up that hole in the wall.

see up видеть на чем-л.
	I can see a bird up the chimney.

see up проводить наверх
	I'll see you up to the director's office on the top floor.

sell up продавать с торгов
	Jim's father was sold up because he owed so much money.

sell up распродать
	I'm thinking of selling up and leaving the country it's impossible to make a living here.

send up направлять вверх
	When the doctor arrives send him up will you? Two men were sent up to the top of the mountain.

send up повышать
	The increase in oil prices is sending up the cost of all other goods.

send up отправлять (в высшую инстанцию)
	We have sent your name up to Head Office.

send up взорвать, уничтожить
	The whole building was sent up in flames when the petrol exploded.

send up приговорить к тюремному заключению
	The judge sent the man up.

send up высмеивать, разыгрывать
	The students used to enjoy themselves by sending up the teacher's manner of speaking.

separate up делить на части
	The profit can be separated up between us.

set up воздвигать, устанавливать, ставить
	Do you know how to set up a tent?

set up учреждать
	The journal was set up in 1924.

set up основывать (дело, предприятие)
	They needed the money to set up a special school for gifted children.

set up помочь устроиться
	He gave his son some capital to set him up. It takes money to set up as a lawyer.

set up подготавливать, планировать
	All the arrangements have been set up for the newspapermen to meet the Queen.

set up вызывать (что-л.), причинять (боль)
	This wet weather sets up the ache in my old wound.

set up восстанавливать (силы, здоровье)
	You need a holiday to set you up again after all that hard work.

set up (in, with) снабжать
	We had to set him up with a large sum of money.

set up поднимать (крик, шум)
	The crowd set up a shout as the winner neared the post.

set up выдавать себя за
	He doesn't set himself up to be an experienced pointer.

set up sport достичь (высоких результатов)
	The young swimmer has set up a new fast time for the backstroke.

set up набирать
	We can't change any wording once the article is set up.

set up тренировать

set up подставить

settle up расплачиваться
	I'll settle up and meet you outside the hotel.

settle up закончить, уладить
	I have settled up my affairs and I'm ready to go.

sew up зашивать
	Would you sew up this tear in my coat?

sew up закончить
	The contract was all sewn up.

sew up обеспечить себе
	I want to sew up as many votes in the election as possible.

sewed up пьяный

shake up встряхивать взбалтывать
	Shake up the medicine before drinking it.

shake up получить шок
	No one was hurt but many of the passengers were severely shaken up.

shake up взбудоражить, расшевелить
	That lazy boy needs shaking up.

shake up раздражать

shake up реорганизовать
	That government department needs shaking up.

shape up развиваться, приспосабливать
	The young soldiers who arrived last month are shaping up nicely.

shine up льстить, подлизываться
	It won't do the student any good to shine up to the teacher like that.

shoot up быстро расти
	The boy has shot up this summer I hardly recognized him!

shoot up вскочить, взбежать, взлететь
	He ran towards the stairs and shot up in half a minute.

shoot up взлетать
	Flames shot up and burned my face. Prices have been shooting up even more quickly this year.

shoot up расстрелять, разрушить
	The castle was badly shot up during the war.

shoot up терроризировать стрельбой
	The robbers decided to shoot up the town to stop the people from chasing them.

shoot up вводить в вену (наркотик)
	More than half the students in this school are shooting up regularly.

shovel up food уплетать

show up проводить наверх
	Show the doctor up when he comes.

show up выявить, показать, обнаружить
	The bright sunlight shows up the cracks in the walls. Performing by herself showed her up as a rather poor singer. The lines on her face show up in the pale spring light. Her age showed up all too clearly.

show up изобличать, разоблачать

show up сконфузить, повергнуть в смущение
	Don't argue with me in front of our guests it shows me up.

show up выделяться (четко)
	The trees showed up against the sky.

show up объявиться неожиданно
	Only thirty members showed up for the yearly General Meeting.

shrink up сжиматься
	She shrank up hoping that no one would talk to her.

shut up плотно закрыть, забить, заколотить

shut up запирать, хранить, прятать
	The confidential documents are kept shut up in a strongbox.
	
be shut up сидеть взаперти

shut up запирать (кого-л.)
	That poor dog has been shut up in the house all day while the owners were out. The only way Father can get any peace is to shut himself up in his study.

shut up закрыть (предприятие)

shut up сажать в тюрьму

shut up затыкать
	Tell him it's his own fault that should shut him up.

shut up shop закрыть лавочку, прекратить деятельность

sign up записаться
	Many men sign up for the army because they can't get ordinary jobs.

sign up поступить на работу
	He signed up as a salesman with this new firm.

sign up нанять на работу
	We have been lucky to sign up so many experienced workers.

sit up приподняться, сесть (в постели)
	I sat up in bed wondering what the time was.

sit up помочь сесть (лежачему)
	Let me sit you up you'll be more comfortable.

sit up засиживаться до поздней ночи
	Mother please don't sit up for me.

sit up сидеть прямо, выпрямиться
	I sat up as an idea suddenly came to me.

sit up заинтересоваться (внезапно)
	The unexpected news made him sit up.

sit up делать стойку (о собаке)
	How long did it take you to teach the dog to sit up and beg?

size up определять размер, величину
	Sizing up the wall we decided that we should need three tins of paint.

size up оценивать, составлять мнение
	He tried to size up the reaction of the man.

slack up замедлять ход

slacken up замедлять, уменьшать
	The doctor advised Jim to slacken up for a few months. Please slacken up your speed.

slap up быстро приготовить (еду)
	Can you slap up a quick meal for my friends before we rush to the game?

sling up напомнить (о неприятном)
	Every time she wanted to make him feel uncomfortable she would sling up his past in his face.

slip up споткнуться

slip up совершить ошибку
	Someone must have slipped up - the note should have left the office two weeks ago.

slow up see slow down

smash up разбивать(ся) вдребезги
	The wreck of the plane lay smashed up on the ground.

smell up провонять
	Please don't smoke your cigarettes smell up the car.

smoke up задымлять (комнату) наполнять дымом
	Open the window the committee have smoked the whole room up!

smother up скрывать (неблаговидный поступок)
	They tried to smother up the murder by pretending that his death was accidental.

snap up раскупать, расхватывать
	Of course I snapped up the coal at that cheap price!

snap up накидываться
	Don't snap him up so fiercely.

snarl up приводить в беспорядок
	The wool has got all snarled up so I shall have to cut it.

snarl up сбить с толку, вызвать беспорядок
	There are various means of snarling up the opposition in this election. As there is no post everyone uses the telephones which has snarled up the whole system.

snatch up выхватывать
	Snatching up a knife he chased the thief out of the house.

snatch up раскупать, расхватывать

sneak up подкрасться незаметно
	The jewel thief sneaked up on the house without being seen.

sniff up нюхать (наркотики, лекарство)
	If you sniff up this special drug it will clear your head.

soak up впитывать, поглощать
	This thirsty plant soaks up all the water I give it every day.

soak up впитывать, усваивать
	She went from doctor to doctor soaking up advice.

soak up промокать (тряпкой)
	We had to use such a lot of cloths to soak up the pool on the floor.

sober up протрезвляться, приходить в себя
	He'll soon sober up when he gets into the cold air outside.

soften up обрабатывать артогнем
	Once the enemy positions have been softened up we can move the foot soldiers in.

soften up обработать, подготовить
	You go in and soften father up and then I'll ask him for the money.
	
soften up сломить (сопротивление)

speak up говорить громко и отчетливо
	Speak up we can't hear you

speak up высказаться
	If you thought that wasn't fair why didn't you speak up?

spiff up прихорашиваться
	She spends hours in front of the mirror spiffing herself up and all for this worthless boy.

spit up тошнить, рвать
	Jane can't keep anything down this morning she's spat up her breakfast and everything since.

split up разделять(ся), раскалывать(ся)
	Can you split up this piece of wood? I'll split up the apples so that we can each have one

split up прекращать отношения
	Jim and Mary have been quarrelling so much recently that their friends are afraid they might split up.

sponge up впитывать губкой
	It'll take a long time to sponge up all that pool of water.

spring up возникать (об обычае, городах)
	New towns are springing up to house the increasing population

spring up быстро расти
	The boy has realty sprung up this summer.

spunk up смягчиться, успокоиться
	Spunk up there's nothing to worry about! Perhaps you need a holiday to spunk you up.

square up расплатиться, урегулировать расчеты
	Give me a minute to square up and I'll meet you outside the hotel

square up изготовиться к бою (о боксере)
	When I saw the two brothers squaring up I ran home to warn mother that their threats to fight each other were real

square up (to) готовиться, считаться, учитывать 
	Young fathers have heavy responsibilities that they must square up to.

stack up располагать(ся) один над другим

stack up заработать (деньги)
	We should be able to stack up a reasonable profit if we sell now

stack up быть в некотором состоянии, складываться
	This is how things stack up today.

stack up соответствовать быть сравнимым
	How does our product stack up against those of our competitors?

stake up загораживать кольями

stand up вставать
	Stand up when the judge enters the court

stand up оказываться прочным
	How long do you think the engine will stand up?

stand smb. up подвести кого-л.

stand up казаться правдоподобным
	Will his story stand up in court?

stand up for защищать, отстаивать
	I stood up for him and said I had always found him to be honest.

stand up to смело встречать, быть на высоте

stand up to перечить, прекословить
	Mary found it difficult to stand up to Jim's father when he disapproved of their marriage

stand up to выживать
	I don't know how you stand up to the severe winters in your part of the world

stand up to сравниваться по качеству
	This doesn't stand up to the other firm's product we shall have to improve it or lose business

stand up to проходить (тест)
	We must make a product that will stand up to any comparison.

stand up with быть шафером
	I was honoured when Jim asked me to stand up with him at his wedding to Mary.

starch up красиво наряжать
	The children were all starched up in their new dresses for the wedding ceremony.

start up вскакивать
	The boy started up out of his chair as soon as he heard the doorbell ring

start up появляться
	A new idea has started up.

start up пускать в ход
	At first you should start up an engine.

stave up утомить
	Don't ask me to move I'm stove up.

stay up не ложиться спать
	Please don't stay up for me I may be in late.

steal up (on) подкрасться
	The jewel thief stole up on the house without being seen.

steam up сердить, волновать
	There's no need to get steamed up about such a little remark.

step up подойти
	Would he please step up to receive his prize?

step up продвигать, выдвигать

step up увеличивать, ускорять
	The firm will have to step up production if it is to defeat its competitors

step up повышать напряжение

step up ставить (мачту)
	Has the mast been properly stepped up?

stick up выдаваться, торчать
	His hair stuck up on end.

stick up ставить торчком

stick up ограбить
	I want to stick up the bank.

stick up выставлять
	The examination results will be stuck up on this board tomorrow

stick up for защищать, поддерживать
	I stuck up for him and said I had always found him to he honest.

stick up to не подчиняться, оказывать сопротивление

stink up наполнять плохим запахом

stir up хорошенько размешивать, взбалтывать

stir up возбуждать (любопытство)

stir up раздувать (ссору)

stitch up зашивать
	Take your coal off and I'll stitch up that tear

stoke up хорошо поесть
	We'd better stoke up at the inn as we've a long way to go and don't know when we shall next eat.

stop up затыкать, заделывать
	My ears frequently get stopped up with wax

stop up не ложиться спать
	Please don't stop up for me I may be in very late.

strike up начинать
	I want to strike up an acquaintance with her. The band struck up.

string up взвинчивать (нервы)
	Try not to get too strung up before the examination it doesn't help

string up вздернуть, повесить
	People like that should be strung up from the nearest tree.

study up готовиться к экзамену

stump up выкладывать деньги
	Shall I have to stump up for the wedding?

suck up всасывать, поглощать
	As the sun got hotter it sucked up the mist from the sea

suck up school to подлизываться
	Sucking up to the teacher won't get her any higher marks and will only make her unpopular with the other children.

sum up резюмировать, суммировать
	It is the chairman's duty to sum up at the end of the meeting.

tackle up запрягать лошадь
	You will tackle up and go over.

tail up входить в штопор

tail up уходить в глубину (о китах)

take up обсуждать (план)

take up поднимать
	The lift took us up.

take up снимать, удалять, перемещать
	We need to take up paving stones. I want to take up this tree.

take up сматывать, свёртывать
	I will take up the film later.

take up укорачивать, убирать
	She want to take up a skirt.

take up подтягивать

take up закреплять

take up брать (пассажиров)

take up подвозить, отвозить, доставлять

take up впитывать, поглощать

take up покровительствовать, опекать

take up отнимать (время), занимать (место)
	I will not take up any more of your time. The bed took up half the room.

take up заниматься (чем-л.)
	I want to take up photography.

take up arms взяться за оружие
	The took up arms and raised a rebellion

take up занимать (определённую позицию)

take up продолжать (начатое)
	Who will take up his story?

take up рассматривать (вопрос)

take up принять, подхватить

take up the lead следовать примеру

take up принимать (вызов, пари)
	He took up my challenge.

take up упрекать, отчитывать

take up брать на себя

take up арестовывать
	He was taken up by the police.

take up въезжать, поселяться

take up residence въехать (в квартиру, номер)

take up покупать, оплачивать

take up компенсировать
	I will take up the wear.

take up улучшаться (о погоде)

take up quarters поселиться

take up quarters остановиться на постой

take up teaching стать преподавателем

take up the hatchet начать войну

take up the running вести (в гонке)

take up the running брать инициативу в свои руки

take up with встречаться с
	I don't want you to take up with him.

talk up хвалить, расхваливать
	They talk up their idea.

talk up говорить прямо и откровенно

talk up говорить громко и отчётливо

talk up дерзить, возражать

tangle up спутывать, запутывать

tangle up портить, ломать
	A thief tangled up our lock.

tank up заправляться
	We can stop here and tank up with best quality petrol at a good price.

tank up накачиваться (спиртным)
	They've been tanking up since morning. I saw your brother in the hotel tanking up on beer with two of his friends.

tape up забинтовывать

tape up связывать тесьмой

tart up сделать интереснее, украсить

team up объединяться, работать сообща

team up sport играть в паре

tear up разрывать
	That dog has torn up my newspaper again.

tear up вырывать выдёргивать
	The hurricane tore up trees by the roots. We will have to tear the old tree up by its roots.

tear up разорвать (контракт, соглашение)
	He can't be trusted he's been known to tear up a contract before the ink was dry.

tear up подрывать
	They tear up the foundations of our country.

tense up создавать напряжение, возбуждать
	Waiting for an operation tends to tense most people up.

thicken up делать более густым
	The mist has thickened up since this morning. This soup needs to be thickened up with some flour: it's so watery.

think up продумывать

think up придумывать
	What have you been thinking up?

throw up подбрасывать, вскидывать
	They threw up their arms and shouted.

throw up бросать (дело)
	They throw up their claims.

throw up вырвать
	He threw up his dinner.

throw up извергать, выбрасывать

throw up распахивать
	She threw up a window and fresh air entered the room.

throw up быстро строить

throw up выделять, оттенять

throw up бросать (на волю ветра)

throw up обвинять, упрекать, ругать

throw up терять след 

throw up the sponge сдаться, признать себя побеждённым

thrust up пробиваться
	It's good to see the flowers thrusting up through the last of the snow.

tie up привязать, перевязать, связать

tie up мешать, препятствовать

tie up with соединять усилия

tie up with тесно примыкать

tie up прекратить работу, забастовать

tie up швартоваться

tip up опрокидывать(ся), откидывать
	She tipped up a seat.

tog up щегольски одеваться

tone up тонизировать, укреплять

tone up усиливаться, укрепляться

tone up делать более ярким или светлым

tool up оснастить

tool up приобрести оборудование

top up досыпать, докладывать, доливать

top up дозаправлять
	I need to top my car up.

top up дозаряжать, перезаряжать

toss up бросать жребий

toss up наскоро приготовить (еду)

toss up придумывать
	His mind tossed up scheme after scheme.

toss up a coin играть в орлянку

toss up a coin решать пари подбрасыванием монеты

tot up суммировать, складывать

tot up равняться
	It tots up to a hundred dollars.

touch up класть последние штрихи, мазки
	The painter touch up the overall masterpiece.

touch up подстегнуть (лошадь)

touch up напомнить, натолкнуть
	It touches up my memory.

touch up взволновать

toughen up укреплять, делать сильнее
	All this mountain climbing will toughen the boys up.

track up оставлять следы
	Wipe your feet or you'll track up the kitchen.

trade up продавать или покупать по более дорогой цене

trade up убеждать купить по более дорогой цене

train up тренировать, учить

treasure up хранить
	He treasures up in hsi heart the recollection of former days.

trice up подвязывать
	The big sail won't stay in position unless you trice it up.

trick up искусно украшать

trip up запинаться

true up выверять, регулировать
	Has the wheel been properly trued up?

trump up выдумать, сфабриковать
	
truss up связывать в пуки

truss up связывать, скручивать

tuck up засучивать

tuck up подтыкать одеяло

tuck up делать складки

tuck up вешать (преступника)

tune up настраивать инструмент

tune up настраивать радио

tune up налаживать, регулировать

tune up заиграть, запеть

tune up зашуметь, зареветь

tune up размяться

tune up заплакать (о ребенке)

turn up поднимать вверх, загибать
	He turned up the ends of his trousers. He turned up the collar. Her nose turns up.

turn up подшивать (платье)

turn up прибавлять (газ, свет)

turn up усиливать (звук)

turn up увеличивать (скорость)

turn up иметь мощность
	The engine turns up 100 horsepower.

turn up переворачивать на спину

turn up вскапывать, вспахивать
	The tractor turns up the soil.

turn up открывать (карту)
	The ten of hearts turned up.

turn up выискивать, находить
	You should turn up a word in the dictionary.

turn up находиться, обнаруживаться

turn up оказаться, выясниться
	He turned up missing at roll call.

turn up внезапно появляться

turn up подвернуться случаться
	He waits for smth to turn up.

turn up вызывать рвоту

turn up оправдать за недостатком улик

twist up скручивать (в трубочку)

twist up перепутать
	He twisted up the story.

use up израсходовать, истратить

use up истощать

feel used up чувствовать обессиленным

vamp up придумывать, сочинять
	Will you be able to vamp up an excuse that sounds true?

wait up дожидаться
	Hadn't we better wait up for the slower ones?

wait up for не ложиться спать ожидая
	I may be late but please don't wait up for me.

walk up to подойти к
	Walk up, walk up! See the strongest man on earth!

wall up заделывать, замуровывать
	I think we should wall up the fireplace it lets loo much wind into the house.

want up хотеть встать (с постели)
	The boy must be feeling better he's been wanting up all day.

warm up разогревать
	The sun warmed up the seat nicely. Let me warm up the soup for you it won't take a minute

warm up воодушевлять

warm up to проявить заинтересованность в

warm up sport разминаться
	Let's sing a few exercises first to warm up.

warm up повторять (идеи, мысли)
	There's nothing new in this method it's just the same old system warmed up a bit.

wash up мыть посуду
	How many plates are there to wash up?

wash up мыть руки, лицо
	There's a bathroom on this floor if you would like to wash up before dinner.

wash up прибивать к берегу
	The body was washed up the following morning.

wash up быть выглядеть усталым, больным
	You look all washed up what's the matter?

weigh up уравновешивать

weigh up взвесить и решить

be well up знающий, толковый
	He isn't well up in psychology

whip up подстегивать подгонять

whip up взбивать

whip up расшевелить

whip up emotions разжигать страсти

whip up выхватывать (оружие)

whip up привлекать (большую, аудиторию, толпу)

whistle up вызывать, подзывать

wind up сматывать

wind up заводить (часы)

wind up заводиться
	I'm afraid he's wound up.

wind up подтягивать (дисциплину)

wind up взвинчивать

wind up кончать

wind up уладить, разрешить (вопрос)

wind up заключить (выступление)

wind up ликвидировать (предприятие)

wipe up подтирать

wrap up кутаться

wrap up завершать, давать краткое заключение

be wrapped up занятый чем-л.

be wrapped up in погруженный в 
	Wrapped up in slumber.

wrapped up in скрываемый
	The affair is wrapped up in mystery.

write up подробно описывать

write up восхвалять в печати

write up заканчивать, дописывать

write up назначать

write smb. up for рекомендовать (курс лечения, отдых)

yank up дернуть (резко или грубо)

yield up отказываться от

yield up сдаваться

yield up сдавать уступая силе

yield up a fort сдать крепость

yield up the ghost отдать богу душу, умереть

zoom up взмыть вверх
	The plane zomed up into the sky.

zoom up быстро расти
	Prices which zomed up in the first part of this year are now steady and should not increase again for several months.

