abide with оставаться с кем-л.

abound with изобиловать, кишеть
	The book abounds with printing mistakes.

accommodate with снабжать, обеспечивать
	It was very good of you to accommodate me with the ticket for my journey.

accommodate with a loan дать взаймы

accompanied with сопровождаемый чем-л.

accompany with сопровождать
	The speaker accompanied his angry words with forceful movements of the hands.

accord with соответствовать, гармонировать
	Unfortunately the young man's political principles do not accord with those of his father.

accord with smb.'s wishes отвечать чьим-л. желаниям

act with discretion вести себя осторожно, благоразумно

along with вместе

bank with класть в банк
	I have always banked with the Royal Bank. I have always banked my money with the Royal Bank.

bargain with торговаться
	The women are bargaining with their neighbours.

battle with сражаться против
	Tomorrow we shall battle with our old enemies and defeat them.

be with поддерживать кого-л.
	We're with you all the way in your fight for equal rights.

be with понимать и любить (что-л. современное)
	I'm not with these new fashions I find them ugly.

be with child быть беременной

be with it идти в ногу с модой

be with young быть стельной

beam with joy просиять от радости

bear with относиться терпеливо к, мириться с
	You must bear with his bad temper he has recently been ill. Bear with me while I try to remember exactly what he said.

beguile with приятно проводить время занимаясь чем-л.
	We beguiled the warm afternoon with lazy talk. We beguiled the warm afternoon with swimming and reading.

blanket with покрывать полностью
	The whole garden was blanketed with snow.

blaze with вспыхнуть
	Mary blazed with anger when she heard how her mother had been treated.

bombard with донимать
	The speaker was bombarded with questions.

break with порывать с
	When he became rich he broke with his former friends. As you grow wiser you should break with your old ideas.

burden with обременять, отягощать
	Why do you burden yourself with your sister's children? I don't want to burden you with my troubles.

burn with вспылить, рассвирепеть
	Jim burned with anger when he heard how Mary had been treated.

burst with лопаться

burst with envy лопнуть от зависти

burst with plenty ломиться от избытка

change with поменяться с кем-л. местами
	I wouldn't change with him for anything. I wouldn't change my life with the life of a king I'm happy as I am.

change places with поменяться с кем-л. местами
	Will you change places with me? I find it too hot here in the sun. I wouldn't change places with him for anything. I'm happier the way I am.

charge with обвинять
	The prisoner is charged with attempted robbery. The police charged the prisoner with stealing the jewels.

charge with возлагать ответственность на
	Isn't she rather young to be charged with the care of small children? The chairman was charged with the duty of calling all future meetings. How do you choose the officials who will be charged with fulfilling these duties?

charge with be changed with быть полным качеств
	His poetry is charged with strength and feeling.

check with совпадать, соответствовать

clash with расходиться (о взглядах)
	The chairman's opinion clashed with that of the rest of the committee.

clash with сталкиваться с кем-л.
	Greek forces clashed with Turks in the hills.

class with ставить наряду с чем-л.
	I would class Tom's latest book with the best crime stories ever written.

click with быть к месту
	Her joke clicked with us and we all laughed.

click with пользоваться успехом у
	That film has really clicked with the young people - they're all going to see it.

click with нравиться
	Jim and Mary clicked with each other as soon as they met.

close with вступать в борьбу
	The two men closed with their attackers.

close with принимать предложение, заключать сделку
	After hours of talking about the price the shopkeeper at last closed with the salesman's offer. The two ministers didn't close with each other until near the end of the meeting.

close with заканчивать что-л. чем-л.
	The priest closed the meeting with a prayer.

be closed with иметь конфиденциальную встречу
	I'm sorry you can't go in that room the chairman is closed with the director for an urgent meeting.

collide with вступить в противоречие
	The chairman's opinion collided with that of the reft of the committee.

combine with сочетать, смешивать
	When rising prices are combined with a lack of jobs many people suffer and the nation becomes poorer if he can combine his natural ability with hard work he should be very successful.

commune with общаться
	Sometimes I like to sit by the fire and commune with my family even in silence. At other times I walk in the woods communing with nature.

compare with уподоблять
	Social life in a village cannot compare with that of a large city. But for peace and quiet city life can't compare with life in the country

compete with бороться против
	We try to make the trains run on time but we can't compete with the weather.

condole with сочувствовать, выражать соболезнование
	The priest visited the family to condole with them on the loss of their son.

conjure with показывать фокусы при помощи
	She's been conjuring with rabbits for several years now I can only conjure with the aid of my young brother.

connive with сговариваться с
	The thieves connived with the servants in the big house to steal the jewels.

count with цениться кем-л.
	If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you and all men count with you but none too much.

cow with calf стельная корова

crash with переночевать у
	My parents have thrown me out can I crash with you for tonight?

dispense with обходиться без
	I will dispense with your services.

engage with атаковать
	Our army engaged with the enemy at the first light of day

engage with сочетаться (о частях механизма)
	The engine has stopped because the different parts of the motor are not engaging with each other properly.

feel with сочувствовать, сопереживать
	The whole nation feels with the families of those who were drowned in the great floods.

fiddle with повертеть (части механизма чтобы он снова заработал)
	Sometimes when the television set doesn't work you can fiddle with the wires inside and it comes right!

fiddle with нечестно поступать
	Someone's been fiddling with the accounts there's some money missing.

finish with порывать с
	I'm glad that Alice has finished with that worthless young man.

finish with прекратить пользоваться
	Have you finished with the newspaper?

fix with уладить, привести в порядок
	Can you fix it with the Minister so that the meeting will be delayed?

fix with смотреть на каким-л. образом
	Fixing the boy with a steady look the teacher forced him to tell the truth.

fool with забавляться, играть
	Don't fool with fire or you'll get burned.

froth with rage злиться

get with it идти в ногу с модой

go with сопровождать
	Don't leave me alone let me go with you! We enjoyed our holiday although we went with our neighbours.

go with быть заодно с
	Do you always go with the chairman?

go with подходить, гармонировать, соответствовать
	I like the way the blue carpet goes with the gold curtains. Oranges go surprisingly well with duck.

go with a run идти как по маслу

grapple with взять на абордаж

hold with соглашаться, одобрять
	I don't hold with some of the strange ideas that you believe in.

hum with наполняться гудением
	The room was humming with the voices of a large number of guests.

juggle with искажать
	I don't think I will be able to juggle with my tax return this year.

juggle with обманывать

jump with согласовываться соответствовать совпадать

lade with страдать от
	My heart is laden with sorrow at the thought of your continued absence.

learn with ease учиться без труда

level with говорить правду
	At last the prisoner decided to level with the police and tell them the truth instead of all those lies.

lie with быть ответственным
	The job of ensuring an equal sharing of national wealth lies with the government.

make with создавать
	When are you going to make with the music man?

meddle with иметь предосудительные отношения с
	I warned you not to meddle with married women it always leads to trouble.

meet with испытать, подвергнуться
	I'm afraid your husband has met with a slight accident but he isn't seriously hurt.

meet with встретиться с, наткнуться на
	I met with an old friend in the town today!

meet with найти

meet with иметь официальную встречу с
	The politician will meet with his opposite number in the Foreign Ministry of the host country while he is on his official visit.

meet with a balk потерпеть поражение

meet with a loss понести потерю

meet with failure потерпеть неудачу
	The play was a failure.

mesh with согласовываться
	I'm afraid that your ideas don't quite mesh with mine.

mess with вносить беспорядок во что-л.
	Somebody's been messing with my papers they're all out of order.

mess with плохо поступать с
	I hear you've been messing with married women in spite of my advice.

novel with a purpose тенденциозный роман

out with разболтать

pair with подбирать под пару
	Try to pair this card with one exactly the same from the other pack.

palter with подходить несерьезно к
	Don't palter with the question answer it properly.

palter with утаивать
	Presidents should not palter with the truth.

palter with facts подтасовывать или искажать факты

part with отдавать передавать что-л.

part with отпускать (прислугу)

be quick with child беременна

rap with поговорить неформально с
	You can learn a lot by rapping with people you think might be your enemies.

rate with занимать привилегированное положение
	The new secretary really rates with the director doesn't she?

read with заниматься с

reason with уговаривать, урезонивать
	The teacher tried to reason with the boy but he refused to listen.

reckon with рассчитываться, расплачиваться
	We must reckon with anyone we are in debt to.

reckon with принимать в расчёт, учитывать
	We must reckon with all possible difficulties when we are considering the cost of the contract.

reckon with справляться, иметь дело с
	Women have become a force to be reckoned with in the affairs of the world.

reckon with наказывать
	I'll reckon with that boy when he gets home!

reek with быть покрытым (дурно пахнущим)
	The murderess's hands seemed to be reeking with blood long after they had been washed clean.

reek with быть наполненным (неприятным)
	The government's action reeks with injustice.

return with interest вернуть с процентами

run with общаться с, водить компанию с
	In his younger days he ran with some very undesirable types.

serve with подавать, снабжать

set with усыпать (блестками, цветами)
	Her crown is set with precious jewels.

shout with laughter громко хохотать

sort with соотноситься
	His actions sort ill with his family's wishes.

speak with ругать
	I shall ask your father to speak with you when he comes home.

square with заканчивать платить
	I should be able to square with you at the end of the month.

square with урегулировать
	Can you square things with the director so that the worker won't be punished for his accidental damage?

square with соответствовать
	His actions do not square with his principles.

start with начать с того, прежде всего
	You have no right to go there to start with.

start with начинать с
	We had six members to start with.

stay with оставаться на одном уровне
	Jim was able to stay with the leading runner for most of the race until he weakened and had to drop back

stay with продолжать использовать
	Let's stay with the present arrangements until a better plan is thought of

stay with продолжать обращать внимание на
	Stay with me for a few more minutes and you'll see the point of the story.

stick with стоять рядом с
	Stick with me and you won't get lost.

stick with продолжать усердно работать
	I know it's not easy at first but stick with it and it will soon seem easier.

stick with действовать в соответствии с
	I'll stick with my decision.

stick with оставаться на одном уровне (с соперником)
	Jim was able to stick with the leading runner for most of tile race until he weakened and had to drop back

stick with продолжать обращать внимание на
	Stick with me for a few more minutes and you'll see the point of the story

stick with оставаться лояльным к
	Thank you for sticking with me when all the others deserted me.

string with подшучивать
	The older workers always enjoy stringing the new boys with stories about the director's fierce temper.

taint with портить (добавляя)
	air tainted with smoke The lake water is tainted with chemicals from the factory.

take with брать (чем-л.)

take with увлечь, понравиться
	He was taken with the idea. I was not taken with him.

take with переживать
	She takes the rough with the smooth.

tamper with портить
	Someone has been tampering with this machine it won't work and I can see marks on the point.

tamper with подделывать
	He tampered with a document.

tamper with несерьезно заниматься чем-л.

tamper with подкупать, оказывать тайное давление

tar with a brush клеймить

taunt with упрекать, обвинять
	He was taunted with cowardice.

tax with делать выговор, упрекать
	He tax me with ingratitude.

tax with обвинять, осуждать
	He tax me with trickery.

thrill with испытывать трепет
	He thrills with horror.

tingle with дрожать, трепетать
	She tingles with impatience.

tinker with халтурить, работать вхолостую

toy with вертеть в руках
	All the time he was talking he was toying with a pencil.

toy with дурачиться, забавляться, несерьёзно относиться

toy with an idea играть с мыслью
	Father often toys with the thought of going to live on a tropical island.

transact with иметь дело, вести переговоры
	I transact only with honest people.

treat with disrespect относиться без уважения

trifle with играть, возиться

trifle with шутить, относиться несерьёзно
	He is not a man to trifle with.

trouble with беспокоить, мучить
	He is much troubled with neuralgia.

trust with доверять
	He may be trusted with large sums of money.

tussle with бороться
	He tussled with evil and conquer.

twinkle with мерцать, сверкать, сиять
	His eyes twinkled with amusement.

unify with сочетать

unite with воссоединять

visit with mainly поговорить, поболтать
	She loves visiting with her neighbours and having a good gossip.

visit with наказывать
	Take care or you will be visited with punishment from heaven!

weigh with иметь значение, влиять на (решение)
